AU	TI	PY	SO	DI	AB	DE
Rosvall M.; Bergstrom C.T.	Maps of random walks on complex networks reveal community structure	2008	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.0706851105	To comprehend the multipartite organization of large-scale biological and social systems, we introduce an information theoretic approach that reveals community structure in weighted and directed networks. We use the probability flow of random walks on a network as a proxy for information flows in the real system and decompose the network into modules by compressing a description of the probability flow. The result is a map that both simplifies and highlights the regularities in the structure and their relationships. We illustrate the method by making a map of scientific communication as captured in the citation patterns of >6,000 journals. We discover a multicentric organization with fields that vary dramatically in size and degree of integration into the network of science. Along the backbone of the network - including physics, chemistry, molecular biology, and medicine - information flows bidirectionally, but the map reveals a directional pattern of citation from the applied fields to the basic sciences. © 2008 by The National Academy of Sciences of the USA.	Bibiometrics; Clustering; Compression; Information theory; Map of science
Heradio R.; De La Torre L.; Galan D.; Cabrerizo F.J.; Herrera-Viedma E.; Dormido S.	Virtual and remote labs in education: A bibliometric analysis	2016	Computers and Education	10.1016/j.compedu.2016.03.010	Laboratory experimentation plays an essential role in engineering and scientific education. Virtual and remote labs reduce the costs associated with conventional hands-on labs due to their required equipment, space, and maintenance staff. Furthermore, they provide additional benefits such as supporting distance learning, improving lab accessibility to handicapped people, and increasing safety for dangerous experimentation. This paper analyzes the literature on virtual and remote labs from its beginnings to 2015, identifying the most influential publications, the most researched topics, and how the interest in those topics has evolved along the way. To do so, bibliographical data gathered from ISI Web of Science, Scopus and GRC2014 have been examined using two prominent bibliometric approaches: science mapping and performance analysis. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Remote laboratory; Science mapping; Virtual laboratory; Web-based experimentation
Sarkodie S.A.; Strezov V.	A review on Environmental Kuznets Curve hypothesis using bibliometric and meta-analysis	2019	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2018.08.276	The Environmental Kuznets Curve (EKC) hypothesis dates back in decades and is still topical presently due to its importance in environmental policy formulation. There are several systematic reviews of the EKC hypothesis using traditional review method. However, this review employs bibliometric and meta-analysis to track historical trends on the theme using the VOSviewer software and meta-analytic methods. The review translates the network analysis into visualized forms based on authors’ contribution, the impact of the research by countries, citations count, and text corpus modeling using a network data extracted from Web of Science. The meta-analysis reveals that the collection of studies that validate the inversed-U shaped relationship has an average of US$8910 as the turning point of annual income level. Low income and middle-income countries are found below the thresholds of annual income level while high-income countries are above. Heterogeneity is confirmed among turning point in studies on EKC hypothesis due to differences in the period of study and econometric methods used in model estimation. The empirical findings reveal that most of the studies on EKC hypothesis are based on atmospheric indicators, while literature is sporadic and limited on EKC hypothesis which employs land indicators, oceans, seas, coasts and biodiversity indicators, and freshwater indicators. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; EKC hypothesis; Meta-analysis; Pollution haven hypothesis; Turning point
Thelwall M.; Haustein S.; Larivière V.; Sugimoto C.R.	Do Altmetrics Work? Twitter and Ten Other Social Web Services	2013	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0064841	Altmetric measurements derived from the social web are increasingly advocated and used as early indicators of article impact and usefulness. Nevertheless, there is a lack of systematic scientific evidence that altmetrics are valid proxies of either impact or utility although a few case studies have reported medium correlations between specific altmetrics and citation rates for individual journals or fields. To fill this gap, this study compares 11 altmetrics with Web of Science citations for 76 to 208,739 PubMed articles with at least one altmetric mention in each case and up to 1,891 journals per metric. It also introduces a simple sign test to overcome biases caused by different citation and usage windows. Statistically significant associations were found between higher metric scores and higher citations for articles with positive altmetric scores in all cases with sufficient evidence (Twitter, Facebook wall posts, research highlights, blogs, mainstream media and forums) except perhaps for Google+ posts. Evidence was insufficient for LinkedIn, Pinterest, question and answer sites, and Reddit, and no conclusions should be drawn about articles with zero altmetric scores or the strength of any correlation between altmetrics and citations. Nevertheless, comparisons between citations and metric values for articles published at different times, even within the same year, can remove or reverse this association and so publishers and scientometricians should consider the effect of time when using altmetrics to rank articles. Finally, the coverage of all the altmetrics except for Twitter seems to be low and so it is not clear if they are prevalent enough to be useful in practice. © 2013 Thelwall et al.	N/A
Fahimnia B.; Sarkis J.; Davarzani H.	Green supply chain management: A review and bibliometric analysis	2015	International Journal of Production Economics	10.1016/j.ijpe.2015.01.003	The emergent field of green supply chain management has been rapidly evolving with a geometric growth in the number of academic publications in this field. A number of literature reviews have been published focusing on specific aspects of green supply chain management such as performance measurement, supplier selection/evaluation, analytical modeling efforts, and some others with broader areas of focus. This paper presents a thorough bibliometric and network analysis that provides insights not previously fully grasped or evaluated by other reviews on this topic. The analysis begins by identifying over 1000 published studies, which are then distilled down to works of proven influence and those authored by influential investigators. Using rigorous bibliometric tools, established and emergent research clusters are identified for topological analysis, identification of key research topics, interrelations, and collaboration patterns. This systematic mapping of the field helps graphically illustrate the publications evolution over time and identify areas of current research interests and potential directions for future research. The findings provide a robust roadmap for further investigation in this field. © 2015 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Environmental sustainability; Green supply chain; Literature review; Network analysis
Valérie D.; Pierre A.G.	Bibliometric idicators: Quality masurements of sientific publication	2010	Radiology	10.1148/radiol.09090626	"Bibliometrics is a set of mathematical and statistical methods used to analyze and measure the quantity and quality of books, articles, and other forms of publications. There are three types of bibliometric indicators: quantity indicators, which measure the productivity of a particular researcher; quality indicators, which measure the quality (or ""performance"") of a researcher's output; and structural indicators, which measure connections between publications, authors, and areas of research. Bibliometric indicators are especially important for researchers and organizations, as these measurements are often used in funding decisions, appointments, and promotions of researchers. As more and more scientific discoveries occur and published research results are read and then quoted by other researchers, bibliometric indicators are becoming increasingly important. This article provides an overview of the currently used bibliometric indicators and summarizes the critical elements and characteristics one should be aware of when evaluating the quantity and quality of scientific output. © RSNA, 2010."	N/A
Park K.	Controlled drug delivery systems: Past forward and future back	2014	Journal of Controlled Release	10.1016/j.jconrel.2014.03.054	Controlled drug delivery technology has progressed over the last six decades. This progression began in 1952 with the introduction of the first sustained release formulation. The 1st generation of drug delivery (1950-1980) focused on developing oral and transdermal sustained release systems and establishing controlled drug release mechanisms. The 2nd generation (1980-2010) was dedicated to the development of zero-order release systems, self-regulated drug delivery systems, long-term depot formulations, and nanotechnology-based delivery systems. The latter part of the 2nd generation was largely focused on studying nanoparticle formulations. The Journal of Controlled Release (JCR) has played a pivotal role in the 2nd generation of drug delivery technologies, and it will continue playing a leading role in the next generation. The best path towards a productive 3rd generation of drug delivery technology requires an honest, open dialog without any preconceived ideas of the past. The drug delivery field needs to take a bold approach to designing future drug delivery formulations primarily based on today's necessities, to produce the necessary innovations. The JCR provides a forum for sharing the new ideas that will shape the 3rd generation of drug delivery technology. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.	Depot formulations; Evolution of drug delivery; Modulated delivery; Smart polymers; Targeted delivery
Martín-Martín A.; Thelwall M.; Orduna-Malea E.; Delgado López-Cózar E.	Google Scholar, Microsoft Academic, Scopus, Dimensions, Web of Science, and OpenCitations’ COCI: a multidisciplinary comparison of coverage via citations	2021	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-020-03690-4	New sources of citation data have recently become available, such as Microsoft Academic, Dimensions, and the OpenCitations Index of CrossRef open DOI-to-DOI citations (COCI). Although these have been compared to the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS), Scopus, or Google Scholar, there is no systematic evidence of their differences across subject categories. In response, this paper investigates 3,073,351 citations found by these six data sources to 2,515 English-language highly-cited documents published in 2006 from 252 subject categories, expanding and updating the largest previous study. Google Scholar found 88% of all citations, many of which were not found by the other sources, and nearly all citations found by the remaining sources (89–94%). A similar pattern held within most subject categories. Microsoft Academic is the second largest overall (60% of all citations), including 82% of Scopus citations and 86% of WoS citations. In most categories, Microsoft Academic found more citations than Scopus and WoS (182 and 223 subject categories, respectively), but had coverage gaps in some areas, such as Physics and some Humanities categories. After Scopus, Dimensions is fourth largest (54% of all citations), including 84% of Scopus citations and 88% of WoS citations. It found more citations than Scopus in 36 categories, more than WoS in 185, and displays some coverage gaps, especially in the Humanities. Following WoS, COCI is the smallest, with 28% of all citations. Google Scholar is still the most comprehensive source. In many subject categories Microsoft Academic and Dimensions are good alternatives to Scopus and WoS in terms of coverage. © 2020, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliographic databases; Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Citations; COCI; Coverage; CrossRef; Dimensions; Google Scholar; Literature reviews; Microsoft Academic; OpenCitations; Scopus; Web of Science
Kleinberg Jon M.	Authoritative sources in a hyperlinked environment	1998	Proceedings of the Annual ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms	N/A	The link structure of a hypermedia environment can be a rich source of information about the content of the environment, provided we have effective means for understanding it. Versions of this principle have been studied in the hypertext research community and (in a context predating hypermedia) through journal citation analysis in the field of bibliometrics. In this work we develop a set of algorithmic techniques for studying the link structure of hypermedia environments, and we report on experiments that demonstrate their effectiveness in several contexts on the World Wide Web. One issue that our methods address is that of identifying www pages that are `authoritative sources' on broad search topics; this problem arises, for example, when trying to select a high-quality set of relevant `representative pages' from among a large collection of pages retrieved by a text-based search method. We propose and test an algorithmic formulation of the notion of authority, based on a method for locating dense bipartite communities in the link structure. Our formulation has an interesting interpretation in terms of the eigenvectors of certain matrices associated with the link graph; this motivates additional heuristics for clustering and for computing a type of link-based similarity among hyperlinked documents.	N/A
Morton L.M.; Cahill J.; Hartge P.	Reporting participation in epidemiologic studies: A survey of practice	2006	American Journal of Epidemiology	10.1093/aje/kwj036	Self-selection bias may threaten the internal validity of epidemiologic studies. Studies with a low level of participation are particularly vulnerable to this bias, and commentators note apparent declines in participation in recent years. The authors therefore conducted a retrospective review to survey the practice of reporting participation in epidemiologic studies, to assess changes in participation over time, and to evaluate the impact of increased biologic specimen collection on participation. The authors abstracted selected study characteristics from 355 peer-reviewed, original, analytic-epidemiology research articles published from January 1 to April 30, 2003, in 10 high-impact general epidemiology, public health, and medical journals. At least some information regarding participation was provided in 59% of cross-sectional studies, 44% of case-control studies, and 32% of cohort studies. Participation appears to have declined during 1970-2003 for all study designs. Participation declined most steeply for controls in population-based, case-control studies (-1.86% per year, 95% confidence interval: -3.03, -0.69), with steeper declines after 1990. Proportionately more studies collected biologic specimens over time, particularly for cohort and case-control study designs (ptrend = 0.06 and 0.03, respectively), yet participation was reported separately for the biologic specimen study component in only 27% of studies. The authors conclude that epidemiologists need to address declining participation and to report participation consistently, including for biologic specimen collection. Copyright © 2005 by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. All rights reserved.	Blood specimen collection; Case-control studies; Cohort studies; Cross-sectional studies; Epidemiologic methods; Patient participation
Hicks D.; Wouters P.; Waltman L.; De Rijcke S.; Rafols I.	Bibliometrics: The Leiden Manifesto for research metrics	2015	Nature	10.1038/520429a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Eysenbach G.	Citation advantage of open access articles	2006	PLoS Biology	10.1371/journal.pbio.0040157	"Open access (OA) to the research literature has the potential to accelerate recognition and dissemination of research findings, but its actual effects are controversial. This was a longitudinal bibliometric analysis of a cohort of OA and non-OA articles published between June 8, 2004, and December 20, 2004, in the same journal (PNAS: Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences). Article characteristics were extracted, and citation data were compared between the two groups at three different points in time: at ""quasi-baseline"" (December 2004, 0-6 mo after publication), in April 2005 (4-10 mo after publication), and in October 2005 (10-16 mo after publication). Potentially confounding variables, including number of authors, authors' lifetime publication count and impact, submission track, country of corresponding author, funding organization, and discipline, were adjusted for in logistic and linear multiple regression models. A total of 1,492 original research articles were analyzed: 212 (14.2% of all articles) were OA articles paid by the author, and 1,280 (85.8%) were non-OA articles. In April 2005 (mean 206 d after publication), 627 (49.0%) of the non-OA articles versus 78 (36.8%) of the OA articles were not cited (relative risk = 1.3 [95% Confidence Interval: 1.1-1.6]; p = 0.001). 6 mo later (mean 288 d after publication), non-OA articles were still more likely to be uncited (non-OA: 172 [13.6%], OA: 11 [5.2%]; relative risk = 2.6 [1.4-4.7]; p < 0.001). The average number of citations of OA articles was higher compared to non-OA articles (April 2005: 1.5 [SD = 2.5] versus 1.2 [SD = 2.0]; Z = 3.123; p = 0.002; October 2005: 6.4 [SD = 10.4] versus 4.5 [SD = 4.9]; Z = 4.058; p < 0.001). In a logistic regression model, controlling for potential confounders, OA articles compared to non-OA articles remained twice as likely to be cited (odds ratio = 2.1 [1.5-2.9]) in the first 4-10 mo after publication (April 2005), with the odds ratio increasing to 2.9 (1.5-5.5) 10-16 mo after publication (October 2005). Articles published as an immediate OA article on the journal site have higher impact than self-archived or otherwise openly accessible OA articles. We found strong evidence that, even in a journal that is widely available in research libraries, OA articles are more immediately recognized and cited by peers than non-OA articles published in the same journal. OA is likely to benefit science by accelerating dissemination and uptake of research findings. © 2006 Gunther Eysenbach."	N/A
Patsopoulos N.A.; Analatos A.A.; Ioannidis J.P.A.	Relative citation impact of various study designs in the health sciences	2005	JAMA	10.1001/jama.293.19.2362	Context: The relative merits of various study designs and their placement in hierarchies of evidence are often discussed. However, there is limited knowledge about the relative citation impact of articles using various study designs. Objective: To determine whether the type of study design affects the rate of citation in subsequent articles. Design and Setting: We measured the citation impact of articles using various study designs - including meta-analyses, randomized controlled trials, cohort studies, case-control studies, case reports, nonsystematic reviews, and decision analysis or cost-effectiveness analysis - published in 1991 and in 2001 for a sample of 2646 articles. Main Outcome Measure: The citation count through the end of the second year after the year of publication and the total received citations. Results: Meta-analyses received more citations than any other study design both in 1991 (P<.05 for all comparisons) and in 2001 (P<.001 for all comparisons) and both in the first 2 years and in the longer term. More than 10 citations in the first 2 years were received by 32.4% of meta-analyses published in 1991 and 43.6% of meta-analyses published in 2001. Randomized controlled trials did not differ significantly from epidemiological studies and nonsystematic review articles in 1991 but clearly became the second-cited study design in 2001. Epidemiological studies, nonsystematic review articles, and decision and cost-effectiveness analyses had relatively similar impact; case reports received negligible citations. Meta-analyses were cited significantly more often than all other designs after adjusting for year of publication, high journal impact factor, and country of origin. When limited to studies addressing treatment effects, meta-analyses received more citations than randomized trials. Conclusion: Overall, the citation impact of various study designs is commensurate with most proposed hierarchies of evidence.	N/A
Wagner C.S.; Roessner J.D.; Bobb K.; Klein J.T.; Boyack K.W.; Keyton J.; Rafols I.; Börner K.	Approaches to understanding and measuring interdisciplinary scientific research (IDR): A review of the literature	2011	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2010.06.004	Interdisciplinary scientific research (IDR) extends and challenges the study of science on a number of fronts, including creating output science and engineering (S&E) indicators. This literature review began with a narrow search for quantitative measures of the output of IDR that could contribute to indicators, but the authors expanded the scope of the review as it became clear that differing definitions, assessment tools, evaluation processes, and measures all shed light on different aspects of IDR. Key among these broader aspects is (a) the importance of incorporating the concept of knowledge integration, and (b) recognizing that integration can occur within a single mind as well as among a team. Existing output measures alone cannot adequately capture this process. Among the quantitative measures considered, bibliometrics (co-authorships, co-inventors, collaborations, references, citations and co-citations) are the most developed, but leave considerable gaps in understanding of the social dynamics that lead to knowledge integration. Emerging measures in network dynamics (particularly betweenness centrality and diversity), and entropy are promising as indicators, but their use requires sophisticated interpretations. Combinations of quantitative measures and qualitative assessments being applied within evaluation studies appear to reveal IDR processes but carry burdens of expense, intrusion, and lack of reproducibility year-upon-year. This review is a first step toward providing a more holistic view of measuring IDR, although research and development is needed before metrics can adequately reflect the actual phenomenon of IDR. © 2010.	Bibliometrics; Evaluation; Indicators; Interdisciplinary; Research; Science
Merigó J.M.; Gil-Lafuente A.M.; Yager R.R.	An overview of fuzzy research with bibliometric indicators	2015	Applied Soft Computing Journal	10.1016/j.asoc.2014.10.035	Bibliometrics is a discipline that analyzes bibliographic material from a quantitative perspective. It is very useful for classifying information according to different variables, including journals, institutions and countries. This paper presents a general overview of research in the fuzzy sciences using bibliometric indicators. The main advantage is that these indicators provide a general picture, identifying some of the most influential research in this area. The analysis is divided into key sections focused on relevant journals, papers, authors, institutions and countries. Most of the results are in accordance with our common knowledge, although some unexpected results are also found. Note that the aim of this paper is to be informative, and these indicators identify most of the fundamental research in this field. However, some very influential issues may be omitted if they are not included in the Web of Science database, which is used for carrying out the bibliometric analysis. © 2014, Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Fuzzy research; H-index; Web of science
Daim T.U.; Rueda G.; Martin H.; Gerdsri P.	Forecasting emerging technologies: Use of bibliometrics and patent analysis	2006	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2006.04.004	It is rather difficult to forecast emerging technologies as there is no historical data available. In such cases, the use of bibliometrics and patent analysis have provided useful data. This paper presents the forecasts for three emerging technology areas by integrating the use of bibliometrics and patent analysis into well-known technology forecasting tools such as scenario planning, growth curves and analogies. System dynamics is also used to be able to model the dynamic ecosystem of the technologies and their diffusion. Technologies being forecasted are fuel cell, food safety and optical storage technologies. Results from these three applications help us to validate the proposed methods as appropriate tools to forecast emerging technologies. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	N/A
Aria M.; Cuccurullo C.	bibliometrix: An R-tool for comprehensive science mapping analysis	2017	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2017.08.007	The use of bibliometrics is gradually extending to all disciplines. It is particularly suitable for science mapping at a time when the emphasis on empirical contributions is producing voluminous, fragmented, and controversial research streams. Science mapping is complex and unwieldly because it is multi-step and frequently requires numerous and diverse software tools, which are not all necessarily freeware. Although automated workflows that integrate these software tools into an organized data flow are emerging, in this paper we propose a unique open-source tool, designed by the authors, called bibliometrix, for performing comprehensive science mapping analysis. bibliometrix supports a recommended workflow to perform bibliometric analyses. As it is programmed in R, the proposed tool is flexible and can be rapidly upgraded and integrated with other statistical R-packages. It is therefore useful in a constantly changing science such as bibliometrics. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliographic coupling; Bibliometrics; Co-citation; R package; Science mapping; Workflow
Rafols I.; Leydesdorff L.; O'Hare A.; Nightingale P.; Stirling A.	How journal rankings can suppress interdisciplinary research: A comparison between Innovation Studies and Business & Management	2012	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2012.03.015	This study provides quantitative evidence on how the use of journal rankings can disadvantage interdisciplinary research in research evaluations. Using publication and citation data, it compares the degree of interdisciplinarity and the research performance of a number of Innovation Studies units with that of leading Business & Management Schools (BMS) in the UK. On the basis of various mappings and metrics, this study shows that: (i) Innovation Studies units are consistently more interdisciplinary in their research than Business & Management Schools; (ii) the top journals in the Association of Business Schools' rankings span a less diverse set of disciplines than lower-ranked journals; (iii) this results in a more favourable assessment of the performance of Business & Management Schools, which are more disciplinary-focused. This citation-based analysis challenges the journal ranking-based assessment. In short, the investigation illustrates how ostensibly 'excellence-based' journal rankings exhibit a systematic bias in favour of mono-disciplinary research. The paper concludes with a discussion of implications of these phenomena, in particular how the bias is likely to affect negatively the evaluation and associated financial resourcing of interdisciplinary research organisations, and may result in researchers becoming more compliant with disciplinary authority over time. © 2012 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Evaluation; Innovation; Interdisciplinary; Ranking; Research assessment
Birkle C.; Pendlebury D.A.; Schnell J.; Adams J.	Web of science as a data source for research on scientific and scholarly activity	2020	Quantitative Science Studies	10.1162/qss_a_00018	Web of Science ( WoS) is the world’s oldest, most widely used and authoritative database of research publications and citations. Based on the Science Citation Index, founded by Eugene Garfield in 1964, it has expanded its selective, balanced, and complete coverage of the world’s leading research to cover around 34,000 journals today. A wide range of use cases are supported by WoS from daily search and discovery by researchers worldwide through to the supply of analytical data sets and the provision of specialized access to raw data for bibliometric partners. A long-and well-established network of such partners enables the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) to continue to work closely with bibliometric groups around the world to the benefit of both the community and the services that the company provides to researchers and analysts. © 2020 Caroline Birkle, David A. Pendlebury, Joshua Schnell, and Jonathan Adams.	Authoritative content; Bibliometrics; Eugene Garfield; ISI; Premier source; Selective bibliography; Web of Science
Melin G.	Pragmatism and self-organization: Research collaboration on the individual level	2000	Research Policy	10.1016/S0048-7333(99)00031-1	What goes on in the scientific networks and the research teams? What is the collaborative situation like? Why do scientists collaborate? This study focuses on the micro level of research collaboration and investigates the reasons for and effects of collaboration for the individual scientist through a survey and a number of interviews. The interaction within the research team is highlighted, showing the feelings and conditions which encompass the teamwork. The empirical findings are conceptualized in a model where research collaboration is suggested to be understood as dependent on how the reasons, forms and effects respectively vary. The collaborations are characterized by strong pragmatism and a high degree of self-organization. Finally, the science policy implications of this study are discussed. It is suggested that research policy should provide financial and organizational possibilities for the researchers to establish joint ventures and also fund projects on a team or network basis.	Bibliometrics; Co-authorships; Co-production; Research collaboration; Research policy; Scientific networks
Van Noorden R.; Maher B.; Nuzzo R.	The top 100 papers	2014	Nature	10.1038/514550a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Price D.D.S.	A general theory of bibliometric and other cumulative advantage processes	1976	Journal of the American Society for Information Science	10.1002/asi.4630270505	A Cumulative Advantage Distribution is proposed which models statistically the situation in which success breeds success. It differs from the Negative Binomial Distribution in that lack of success, being a non‐event, is not punished by increased chance of failure. It is shown that such a stochastic law is governed by the Beta Function, containing only one free parameter, and this is approximated by a skew or hyperbolic distribution of the type that is widespread in bibliometrics and diverse social science phenomena. In particular, this is shown to be an appropriate underlying probabilistic theory for the Bradford Law, the Lotka Law, the Pareto and Zipf Distributions, and for all the empirical results of citation frequency analysis. As side results one may derive also the obsolescence factor for literature use. The Beta Function is peculiarly elegant for these manifold purposes because it yields both the actual and the cumulative distributions in simple form, and contains a limiting case of an inverse square law to which many empirical distributions conform. Copyright © 1976 Wiley Periodicals, Inc., A Wiley Company	N/A
Nerur S.P.; Rasheed A.A.; Natarajan V.	The intellectual structure of the strategic management field: An author co-citation analysis	2008	Strategic Management Journal	10.1002/smj.659	This paper complements a recent study by Ramos-Rodriguez and Ruiz-Navarro (2004) that investigated the intellectual structure of the strategic management field through co-citation analysis. By using authors as the units of analysis and incorporating all the citations that are included in the Science Citation Index and the Social Science Citation Index, we trace the evolution of the intellectual structure of the strategic management field during the period 1980-2000. Using a variety of data analytic techniques such as multidimensional scaling, factor analysis, and Pathfinder analysis, we (1) delineate the subfields that constitute the intellectual structure of strategic management; (2) determine the relationships between the subfields; (3) identify authors who play a pivotal role in bridging two or more conceptual domains of research; and (4) graphically map the intellectual structure in two-dimensional space in order to visualize spatial distances between intellectual themes. The analysis provides insights about the influence of individual authors as well as changes in their influence over time. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Author co-citation analysis; Bibliometrics; Information theory; Pathfinder analysis; Strategic management research
Bornmann L.; Mutz R.	Growth rates of modern science: A bibliometric analysis based on the number of publications and cited references	2015	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23329	Many studies (in information science) have looked at the growth of science. In this study, we reexamine the question of the growth of science. To do this we (a) use current data up to publication year 2012 and (b) analyze the data across all disciplines and also separately for the natural sciences and for the medical and health sciences. Furthermore, the data were analyzed with an advanced statistical technique - segmented regression analysis - which can identify specific segments with similar growth rates in the history of science. The study is based on two different sets of bibliometric data: (a) the number of publications held as source items in the Web of Science (WoS, Thomson Reuters) per publication year and (b) the number of cited references in the publications of the source items per cited reference year. We looked at the rate at which science has grown since the mid-1600s. In our analysis of cited references we identified three essential growth phases in the development of science, which each led to growth rates tripling in comparison with the previous phase: from less than 1% up to the middle of the 18th century, to 2 to 3% up to the period between the two world wars, and 8 to 9% to 2010. © 2015 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics
Hood W.W.; Wilson C.S.	The literature of bibliometrics, scientometrics, and informetrics	2001	Scientometrics	10.1023/A:1017919924342	Since Vassily V. Nalimov coined the term 'scientometrics' in the 1960s, this term has grown in popularity and is used to describe the study of science: growth, structure, interrelationships and productivity. Scientometrics is related to and has overlapping interests with bibliometrics and informetrics. The terms bibliometrics, scientometrics, and informetrics refer to component fields related to the study of the dynamics of disciplines as reflected in the production of their literature. Areas of study range from charting changes in the output of a scholarly field through time and across countries, to the library collection problem of maintaining control of the output, and to the low publication productivity of most researchers. These terms are used to describe similar and overlapping methodologies. The origins and historical survey of the development of each of these terms are presented. Profiles of the usage of each of these terms over time are presented, using an appropriate subject category of databases on the DIALOG information service. Various definitions of each of the terms are provided from an examination of the literature. The size of the overall literature of these fields is determined and the growth and stabilisation of both the dissertation and non-dissertation literature are shown. A listing of the top journals in the three fields are given, as well as a list of the major reviews and bibliographies that have been published over the years.	N/A
Benckendorff P.; Zehrer A.	A network analysis of tourism research	2013	Annals of Tourism Research	10.1016/j.annals.2013.04.005	This paper uses network analysis to identify the pioneering scholars and seminal works which have influenced recent papers in leading journals. The analysis extends beyond rankings of scholars by using co-citation networks to visualize the relationships between the most influential scholars and works and to uncover the disciplinary contributions which have supported the emergence of tourism as a field of academic study. The networks of scholars and works illuminate invisible colleges, tribes and territories in tourism research and indicate that while the social sciences have been most influential, business-related citations are increasing. The findings contribute to the discourse about the epistemology of tourism research by using bibliometric techniques to offer insights into the interdisciplinary structure of tourism research. © 2013.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Epistemology; Knowledge domain; Network analysis; Tourism
Weingart P.	Impact of bibliometrics upon the science system: Inadvertent consequences?	2005	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-005-0007-7	"The introduction of bibliometric (and other) ranking is an answer to legitimation pressures on the higher education and research system. After years of hesitation by scientists, science administrators and even politicians in many of the industrialized countries, the implementation of bibliometrics based (and other types of) rankings for institutions of higher education and research is now being introduced on a full scale. What used to be an irritation to the parties concerned has suddenly become a fad. In contrast to this rather sudden enthusiasm, there is very little reflection on the impacts of this practice on the system itself. So far empirical data on the impact of bibliometric rankings seem to be available only for two cases: Australia and the British research assessment exercise (RAE). Thus, the actual steering effects of bibliometric rankings, the reactions of the system are largely unknown. Rankings are in urgent demand by politics. The intended effect is to create competition among institutions of higher learning and research and thereby to increase their efficiency. The rankings are supposed to identify excellence in these institutions and among researchers. Unintended effects may be ""oversteering"", either by forcing less competitive institutions to be closed down or by creating oligopolies whose once achieved position of supremacy cannot be challenged anymore by competitors. On the individual level the emergence of a kind of 'chart' of highly cited stars in science can already be observed (ISI HighlyCited.com). With the spread of rankings the business administration paradigm and culture is diffused through the academic system. The commercialization of ranking is most pronounced in the dependence of the entire practice on commercial providers of the pertinent data. As products like ISI's Essential Science Indicators become available, their use in the context of evaluation tasks is increasing rapidly. The future of the higher education and research system rests on two pillars: traditional peer review and ranking. The goal must be to have a system of informed peer review which combines the two. However, the politicized use of numbers (citations, impact factors, funding etc.) appears unavoidable. Copyright © 2005 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest. All rights reserved."	N/A
Radicchi F.; Fortunato S.; Castellano C.	Universality of citation distributions: Toward an objective measure of scientific impact	2008	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.0806977105	We study the distributions of citations received by a single publication within several disciplines, spanning broad areas of science. We show that the probability that an article is cited c times has large variations between different disciplines, but all distributions are rescaled on a universal curve when the relative indicator cf = c/c0 is considered, where c0 is the average number of citations per article for the discipline. In addition we show that the same universal behavior occurs when citation distributions of articles published in the same field, but in different years, are compared. These findings provide a strong validation of c f as an unbiased indicator for citation performance across disciplines and years. Based on this indicator, we introduce a generalization of the h index suitable for comparing scientists working in different fields. © 2008 by The National Academy of Sciences of the USA.	Analysis; Bibliometrics; H index
Falagas M.E.; Kouranos V.D.; Arencibia-Jorge R.; Karageorgopoulos D.E.	Comparison of SCImago journal rank indicator with journal impact factor	2008	FASEB Journal	10.1096/fj.08-107938	"The application of currently available sophisticated algorithms of citation analysis allows for the incorporation of the ""quality"" of citations in the evaluation of scientific journals. We sought to compare the newly introduced SCImago journal rank (SJR) indicator with the journal impact factor (IF). We retrieved relevant information from the official Web sites hosting the above indices and their source databases. The SJR indicator is an open-access resource, while the journal IF requires paid subscription. The SJR indicator (based on Scopus data) lists considerably more journal titles published in a wider variety of countries and languages, than the journal IF (based on Web of Science data). Both indices divide citations to a journal by articles of the journal, during a specific time period. However, contrary to the journal IF, the SJR indicator attributes different weight to citations depending on the ""prestige"" of the citing journal without the influence of journal self-citations; prestige is estimated with the application of the PageRank algorithm in the network of journals. In addition, the SJR indicator includes the total number of documents of a journal in the denominator of the relevant calculation, whereas the journal IF includes only ""citable"" articles (mainly original articles and reviews). A 3-yr period is analyzed in both indices but with the use of different approaches. Regarding the top 100 journals in the 2006 journal IF ranking order, the median absolute change in their ranking position with the use of the SJR indicator is 32 (1st quartile: 12; 3rd quartile: 75). Although further validation is warranted, the novel SJR indicator poses as a serious alternative to the well-established journal IF, mainly due to its openaccess nature, larger source database, and assessment of the quality of citations. © FASEB."	Bibliographic databases; Bibliometric analysis; Mathematical computing; Quality of publications; Scientometrics
Pavitt K.	Patent statistics as indicators of innovative activities: Possibilities and problems	1985	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02020142	Advances in information technology have increased actual and potential uses of patent statistics as proxy measures of innovative activities. Analytical contributions have come out of economics, bibliometrics, and descriptive comparisons for policy purposes. They show achievement of promise in analysing (1) international patterns of innovative activities and their effects on trade and production; (2) patterns of innovative activities amongst firms, and their effects on firm performance and industrial structure; (3) rates and directions of innovative activities in different technical fields and industrial sectors; (4) links between science and technology. However, systematic biases remain in patent statistics, the full assessment of which require further econometric, classificatory and survey research. © 1985 Akadémiai Kiadó.	N/A
Zupic I.; Čater T.	Bibliometric Methods in Management and Organization	2015	Organizational Research Methods	10.1177/1094428114562629	We aim to develop a meaningful single-source reference for management and organization scholars interested in using bibliometric methods for mapping research specialties. Such methods introduce a measure of objectivity into the evaluation of scientific literature and hold the potential to increase rigor and mitigate researcher bias in reviews of scientific literature by aggregating the opinions of multiple scholars working in the field. We introduce the bibliometric methods of citation analysis, co-citation analysis, bibliographical coupling, co-author analysis, and co-word analysis and present a workflow for conducting bibliometric studies with guidelines for researchers. We envision that bibliometric methods will complement meta-analysis and qualitative structured literature reviews as a method for reviewing and evaluating scientific literature. To demonstrate bibliometric methods, we performed a citation and co-citation analysis to map the intellectual structure of the Organizational Research Methods journal. © The Author(s) 2014	bibliographic coupling; bibliometrics; co-citation; science mapping
Rad M.S.; Martingano A.J.; Ginges J.	Toward a psychology of Homo sapiens: Making psychological science more representative of the human population	2018	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.1721165115	Two primary goals of psychological science should be to understand what aspects of human psychology are universal and the way that context and culture produce variability. This requires that we take into account the importance of culture and context in the way that we write our papers and in the types of populations that we sample. However, most research published in our leading journals has relied on sampling WEIRD (Western, educated, industrialized, rich, and democratic) populations. One might expect that our scholarly work and editorial choices would by now reflect the knowledge that Western populations may not be representative of humans generally with respect to any given psychological phenomenon. However, as we show here, almost all research published by one of our leading journals, Psychological Science, relies on Western samples and uses these data in an unreflective way to make inferences about humans in general. To take us forward, we offer a set of concrete proposals for authors, journal editors, and reviewers that may lead to a psychological science that is more representative of the human condition. © 2018 National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.	Cognition; Culture; Diversity; Methodology; Psychological science
Kulkarni A.V.; Aziz B.; Shams I.; Busse J.W.	Comparisons of citations in web of science, Scopus, and Google Scholar for articles published in general medical journals	2009	JAMA	10.1001/jama.2009.1307	Context: Until recently, Web of Science was the only database available to track citation counts for published articles. Other databases are now available, but their relative performance has not been established. Objective: To compare the citation count profiles of articles published in general medical journals among the citation databases of Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar. Design: Cohort study of 328 articles published in JAMA, Lancet, or the New England Journal of Medicine between October 1, 1999, and March 31, 2000. Total citation counts for each article up to June 2008 were retrieved from Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar. Article characteristics were analyzed in linear regression models to determine interaction with the databases. Main Outcome Measures: Number of citations received by an article since publication and article characteristics associated with citation in databases. Results: Google Scholar and Scopus retrieved more citations per article with a median of 160 (interquartile range [IQR], 83 to 324) and 149 (IQR, 78 to 289), respectively, than Web of Science (median, 122; IQR, 66 to 241) (P<.001 for both comparisons). Compared with Web of Science, Scopus retrieved more citations from non-English-language sources (median, 10.2% vs 4.1%) and reviews (30.8% vs 18.2%), and fewer citations from articles (57.2% vs 70.5%), editorials (2.1% vs 5.9%), and letters (0.8% vs 2.6%) (all P<.001). On a log10-transformed scale, fewer citations were found in Google Scholar to articles with declared industry funding (nonstandardized regression coefficient, -0.09; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.15 to -0.03), reporting a study of a drug or medical device (-0.05; 95% CI, -0.11 to 0.01), or with group authorship (-0.29; 95% CI, -0.35 to -0.23). In multivariable analysis, group authorship was the only characteristic that differed among the databases; Google Scholar had significantly fewer citations to group-authored articles (-0.30; 95% CI, -0.36 to -0.23) compared with Web of Science. Conclusion: Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar produced quantitatively and qualitatively different citation counts for articles published in 3 general medical journals. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.	N/A
Synnestvedt M.B.; Chen C.; Holmes J.H.	CiteSpace II: visualization and knowledge discovery in bibliographic databases.	2005	AMIA ... Annual Symposium proceedings / AMIA Symposium. AMIA Symposium	N/A	This article presents a description and case study of CiteSpace II, a Java application which supports visual exploration with knowledge discovery in bibliographic databases. Highly cited and pivotal documents, areas of specialization within a knowledge domain, and emergence of research topics are visually mapped through a progressive knowledge domain visualization approach to detecting and visualizing trends and patterns in scientific literature. The test case in this study is progressive knowledge domain visualization of the field of medical informatics. Datasets based on publications from twelve journals in the medical informatics field covering the time period from 1964-2004 were extracted from PubMed and Web of Science (WOS) and developed as testbeds for evaluation of the CiteSpace system. Two resulting document-term co-citation and MeSH term co-occurrence visualizations are qualitatively evaluated for identification of pivotal documents, areas of specialization, and research trends. Practical applications in bio-medical research settings are discussed.	N/A
Bornmann L.	Do altmetrics point to the broader impact of research? An overview of benefits and disadvantages of altmetrics	2014	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2014.09.005	Today, it is not clear how the impact of research on other areas of society than science should be measured. While peer review and bibliometrics have become standard methods for measuring the impact of research in science, there is not yet an accepted framework within which to measure societal impact. Alternative metrics (called altmetrics to distinguish them from bibliometrics) are considered an interesting option for assessing the societal impact of research, as they offer new ways to measure (public) engagement with research output. Altmetrics is a term to describe web-based metrics for the impact of publications and other scholarly material by using data from social media platforms (e.g. Twitter or Mendeley). This overview of studies explores the potential of altmetrics for measuring societal impact. It deals with the definition and classification of altmetrics. Furthermore, their benefits and disadvantages for measuring impact are discussed. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Altmetrics; Broader impact; Scientometrics; Societal impact
Bollen J.; Van de Sompel H.; Hagberg A.; Chute R.	A principal component analysis of 39 scientific impact measures	2009	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0006022	Background: The impact of scientific publications has traditionally been expressed in terms of citation counts. However, scientific activity has moved online over the past decade. To better capture scientific impact in the digital era, a variety of new impact measures has been proposed on the basis of social network analysis and usage log data. Here we investigate how these new measures relate to each other, and how accurately and completely they express scientific impact. Methodology: We performed a principal component analysis of the rankings produced by 39 existing and proposed measures of scholarly impact that were calculated on the basis of both citation and usage log data. Conclusions: Our results indicate that the notion of scientific impact is a multi-dimensional construct that can not be adequately measured by any single indicator, although some measures are more suitable than others. The commonly used citation Impact Factor is not positioned at the core of this construct, but at its periphery, and should thus be used with caution.	N/A
Garfield E.	Fortnightly Review: How can impact factors be improved?	1996	BMJ	10.1136/bmj.313.7054.411	[No abstract available]	N/A
Papadopoulos S.; Kompatsiaris Y.; Vakali A.; Spyridonos P.	Community detection in social media performance and application considerations	2012	Data Mining and Knowledge Discovery	10.1007/s10618-011-0224-z	The proposed survey discusses the topic of community detection in the context of Social Media. Community detection constitutes a significant tool for the analysis of complex networks by enabling the study of mesoscopic structures that are often associated with organizational and functional characteristics of the underlying networks. Community detection has proven to be valuable in a series of domains, e.g. biology, social sciences, bibliometrics. However, despite the unprecedented scale, complexity and the dynamic nature of the networks derived from Social Media data, there has only been limited discussion of community detection in this context. More specifically, there is hardly any discussion on the performance characteristics of community detection methods as well as the exploitation of their results in the context of real-world web mining and information retrieval scenarios. To this end, this survey first frames the concept of community and the problem of community detection in the context of Social Media, and provides a compact classification of existing algorithms based on their methodological principles. The survey places special emphasis on the performance of existing methods in terms of computational complexity and memory requirements. It presents both a theoretical and an experimental comparative discussion of several popular methods. In addition, it discusses the possibility for incremental application of the methods and proposes five strategies for scaling community detection to real-world networks of huge scales. Finally, the survey deals with the interpretation and exploitation of community detection results in the context of intelligent web applications and services. © The Author(s) 2011.	Community detection; Large-scale networks; Social Media
Machado C.G.; Winroth M.P.; Ribeiro da Silva E.H.D.	Sustainable manufacturing in Industry 4.0: an emerging research agenda	2020	International Journal of Production Research	10.1080/00207543.2019.1652777	This systematic review intends to identify how sustainable manufacturing research is contributing to the development of the Industry 4.0 agenda and for a broader understanding about the links between the Industry 4.0 and Sustainable Manufacturing by mapping and summarising existing research efforts, identifying research agendas, as well as gaps and opportunities for research development. A conceptual framework formed by the principles and technological pillars of Industry 4.0, sustainable manufacturing scope, opportunities previously identified, and sustainability dimensions, guided analysis of 35 papers from 2008–2018, selected by a systematic approach. Bibliometrics data and social network analysis complement results identifying how research is being organised and its respective research agendas, relevant publications, and status of the research lifecycle. Results point to that the current research is aligned with the goals defined by different national industrial programs. There are, however, research gaps and opportunities for field development, becoming more mature and having a significant contribution to fully developing the agenda of Industry 4.0. © 2019, © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	4th industrial revolution; industrial development agenda; Industry 4.0; literature review; sustainable manufacturing
Arnett J.J.	The Neglected 95%: Why American Psychology Needs to Become Less American	2008	American Psychologist	10.1037/0003-066X.63.7.602	This article proposes that psychological research published in APA journals focuses too narrowly on Americans, who comprise less than 5% of the world's population. The result is an understanding of psychology that is incomplete and does not adequately represent humanity. First, an analysis of articles published in six premier APA journals is presented, showing that the contributors, samples, and editorial leadership of the journals are predominantly American. Then, a demographic profile of the human population is presented to show that the majority of the world's population lives in conditions vastly different from the conditions of Americans, underlining doubts of how well American psychological research can be said to represent humanity. The reasons for the narrowness of American psychological research are examined, with a focus on a philosophy of science that emphasizes fundamental processes and ignores or strips away cultural context. Finally, several suggestions for broadening the scope of American psychology are offered. © 2008 American Psychological Association.	cultural psychology; international; philosophy of science; second psychology; universals
Moons P.; Budts W.; De Geest S.	Critique on the conceptualisation of quality of life: A review and evaluation of different conceptual approaches	2006	International Journal of Nursing Studies	10.1016/j.ijnurstu.2006.03.015	Over the past decades, the concept of quality of life has been of paramount importance for evaluating the quality and outcome of health care. Despite its importance, there is still no consensus on the definition or proper measurement of quality of life. Several concept analyses of quality of life have been published. However, they appear to have had a rather limited impact on how empirical studies are conducted. Therefore, we present an overview and critique of different conceptualisations of quality of life, with the ultimate goal of making quality of life a less ambiguous concept. We also describe six conceptual problems. These problems were used as criteria to evaluate the appropriateness of different conceptualisations. This evaluation suggests that defining quality of life in terms of life satisfaction is most appropriate, because this definition successfully deals with all the conceptual problems discussed. The result of our concept evaluation was not surprising for it corroborated the results of several concept analyses and the findings of a structural equation modelling study. Based on the findings revealed by our review, we propose that the scientific community should revitalise the conceptual discussion on quality of life. Furthermore, our findings can assist researchers in developing more rigourous quality-of-life research. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Concept formation; Life satisfaction; Nurse; Nursing; Quality of life; Review
Holman L.; Stuart-Fox D.; Hauser C.E.	The gender gap in science: How long until women are equally represented?	2018	PLoS Biology	10.1371/journal.pbio.2004956	Women comprise a minority of the Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, and Medicine (STEMM) workforce. Quantifying the gender gap may identify fields that will not reach parity without intervention, reveal underappreciated biases, and inform benchmarks for gender balance among conference speakers, editors, and hiring committees. Using the PubMed and arXiv databases, we estimated the gender of 36 million authors from >100 countries publishing in >6000 journals, covering most STEMM disciplines over the last 15 years, and made a web app allowing easy access to the data (https://lukeholman.github.io/genderGap/). Despite recent progress, the gender gap appears likely to persist for generations, particularly in surgery, computer science, physics, and maths. The gap is especially large in authorship positions associated with seniority, and prestigious journals have fewer women authors. Additionally, we estimate that men are invited by journals to submit papers at approximately double the rate of women. Wealthy countries, notably Japan, Germany, and Switzerland, had fewer women authors than poorer ones. We conclude that the STEMM gender gap will not close without further reforms in education, mentoring, and academic publishing. © 2018 Holman et al.	N/A
Glänzel W.; Moed H.F.	Journal impact measures in bibliometric research	2002	Scientometrics	10.1023/A:1014848323806	The Impact Factor introduced by Eugene Garfield is a fundamental citation-based measure for significance and performance of scientific journals. It is perhaps the most popular bibliometric product used in bibliometrics itself, as well as outside the scientific community. First, a concise review of the background and history of the ISI impact factor and the basic ideas underlying it are given. A cross-citation matrix is used to visualise the construction of the Impact Factor and several related journal citation measures. Both strengths and flaws of the impact factor are discussed. Several attempts made by different authors to introduce more sophisticated journal citation measures and the reasons why many indicators aiming at a correction of methodological limitations of the Impact Factor were not successful are described. The next section is devoted to the analysis of basic technical and methodological aspects. In this context, the most important sources of possible biases and distortions for calculation and use of journal citation measures are studied. Thereafter, main characteristics of application contexts are summarised. The last section is concerned with questions of statistical reliability of journal citation measures. It is shown that in contrast to a common misbelief statistical methods can be applied to discrete 'skewed' distributions, and that the statistical reliability of these statistics can be used as a basis for application of journal impact measures in comparative analyses. Finally, the question of sufficiency or insufficiency of a single, howsoever complex measure for characterising the citation impact of scientific journals is discussed.	N/A
Seglen P.O.	Why the impact factor of journals should not be used for evaluating research	1997	British Medical Journal	N/A	[No abstract available]	N/A
Broadus R.N.	"Toward a definition of ""bibliometrics"""	1987	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02016680	The definitions of the term 'bibliometrics' as used in the literature are examined and evaluated. Most such definitions are held to be too broad. A new definition is proposed; then its advantages and possible defects pointed out. A crucial question is whether Zipf's law of word occurrence should be considered a part of this particular sub-discipline. © 1987 Akadémiai Kiadó.	N/A
Waltman L.; Van Eck N.J.	A new methodology for constructing a publication-level classification system of science	2012	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22748	Classifying journals or publications into research areas is an essential element of many bibliometric analyses. Classification usually takes place at the level of journals, where the Web of Science subject categories are the most popular classification system. However, journal-level classification systems have two important limitations: They offer only a limited amount of detail, and they have difficulties with multidisciplinary journals. To avoid these limitations, we introduce a new methodology for constructing classification systems at the level of individual publications. In the proposed methodology, publications are clustered into research areas based on citation relations. The methodology is able to deal with very large numbers of publications. We present an application in which a classification system is produced that includes almost 10 million publications. Based on an extensive analysis of this classification system, we discuss the strengths and the limitations of the proposed methodology. Important strengths are the transparency and relative simplicity of the methodology and its fairly modest computing and memory requirements. The main limitation of the methodology is its exclusive reliance on direct citation relations between publications. The accuracy of the methodology can probably be increased by also taking into account other types of relations-for instance, based on bibliographic coupling. © 2012 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; citation analysis
Borrelli B.; Sepinwall D.; Bellg A.J.; Breger R.; DeFrancesco C.; Sharp D.L.; Ernst D.; Czajkowski S.; Levesque C.; Ogedegbe G.; Resnick B.; Orwig D.	A new tool to assess treatment fidelity and evaluation of treatment fidelity across 10 years of health behavior research	2005	Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology	10.1037/0022-006X.73.5.852	A. Bellg, B. Borrelli, et al. (2004) previously developed a framework that consisted of strategies to enhance treatment fidelity of health behavior interventions. The present study used this framework to (a) develop a measure of treatment fidelity and (b) use the measure to evaluate treatment fidelity in articles published in 5 journals over 10 years. Three hundred forty-two articles met inclusion criteria; 22% reported strategies to maintain provider skills, 27% reported checking adherence to protocol, 35% reported using a treatment manual, 54% reported using none of these strategies, and 12% reported using all 3 strategies. The mean proportion adherence to treatment fidelity strategies was .55; 15.5% of articles achieved greater than or equal to .80. This tool may be useful for researchers, grant reviewers, and editors planning and evaluating trials. Copyright 2005 by the American Psychological Association.	Clinical trials; Health behavior change; Internal validity; Treatment fidelity
Feist A.M.; Herrgård M.J.; Thiele I.; Reed J.L.; Palsson B.Ø.	Reconstruction of biochemical networks in microorganisms	2009	Nature Reviews Microbiology	10.1038/nrmicro1949	Systems analysis of metabolic and growth functions in microbial organisms is rapidly developing and maturing. Such studies are enabled by reconstruction, at the genomic scale, of the biochemical reaction networks that underlie cellular processes. The network reconstruction process is organism specific and is based on an annotated genome sequence, high-throughput network-wide data sets and bibliomic data on the detailed properties of individual network components. Here we describe the process that is currently used to achieve comprehensive network reconstructions and discuss how these reconstructions are curated and validated. This Review should aid the growing number of researchers who are carrying out reconstructions for particular target organisms.	N/A
Hirsch J.E.	Does the h index have predictive power?	2007	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.0707962104	Bibliometric measures of individual scientific achievement are of particular interest if they can be used to predict future achievement. Here we report results of an empirical study of the predictive power of the h index compared with other indicators. Our findings indicate that the h index is better than other indicators considered (total citation count, citations per paper, and total paper count) in predicting future scientific achievement. We discuss reasons for the superiority of the h index. © 2007 by The National Academy of Sciences of the USA.	Achievement; Citations; Prediction
Yang Y.; Xiong X.; Chen J.; Peng X.; Chen D.; Pan F.	Research advances in magnesium and magnesium alloys worldwide in 2020	2021	Journal of Magnesium and Alloys	10.1016/j.jma.2021.04.001	Research on magnesium alloys continues to attract great attention, with more than 3000 papers on magnesium and magnesium alloys published and indexed in SCI in 2020 alone. The results of bibliometric analyses show that microstructure control and mechanical properties of Mg alloys are continuously the main research focus, and the corrosion and protection of Mg alloys are still widely concerned. The emerging research hot spots are mainly on functional magnesium materials, such as Mg ion batteries, hydrogen storage Mg materials, and bio-magnesium alloys. Great contributions to the research and development of magnesium alloys in 2020 have been made by Chongqing University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Central South University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Northeastern University, Helmholtz Zentrum Geesthacht, etc. The directions for future research are suggested, including: 1) the synergistic control of microstructures to achieve high-performance magnesium alloys with concurrent high strength and superior plasticity along with high corrosion resistance and low cost; 2) further development of functional magnesium materials such as Mg batteries, hydrogen storage Mg materials, structural-functional materials and bio-magnesium materials; 3) studies on the effective corrosion protection and control of degradation rate of magnesium alloys; 4) further improvement of advanced processing technology on Mg alloys. © 2021	Bibliometric analysis; Corrosion and protection; Degradation; Functional magnesium materials; Magnesium alloys; Mechanical properties; Mg battery; Microstructure
Saha S.; Saint S.; Christakis D.A.	Impact factor: A valid measure of journal quality?	2003	Journal of the Medical Library Association	N/A	Objectives: Impact factor, an index based on the frequency with which a journal's articles are cited in scientific publications, is a putative marker of journal quality. However, empiric studies on impact factor's validity as an indicator of quality are lacking. The authors assessed the validity of impact factor as a measure of quality for general medical journals by testing its association with journal quality as rated by clinical practitioners and researchers. Methods: We surveyed physicians specializing in internal medicine in the United States, randomly sampled from the American Medical Association's Physician Masterfile (practitioner group, n = 113) and from a list of graduates from a national postdoctoral training program in clinical and health services research (research group, n = 151). Respondents rated the quality of nine general medical journals, and we assessed the correlation between these ratings and the journals' impact factors. Results: The correlation between impact factor and physicians' ratings of journal quality was strong (r2 = 0.82, P = 0.001). The correlation was higher for the research group (r2 = 0.83, P = 0.001) than for the practitioner group (r2 = 0.62, P = 0.01). Conclusions: Impact factor may be a reasonable indicator of quality for general medical journals.	N/A
Austin P.C.	A critical appraisal of propensity-score matching in the medical literature between 1996 and 2003	2008	Statistics in Medicine	10.1002/sim.3150	Propensity-score methods are increasingly being used to reduce the impact of treatment-selection bias in the estimation of treatment effects using observational data. Commonly used propensity-score methods include covariate adjustment using the propensity score, stratification on the propensity score, and propensity-score matching. Empirical and theoretical research has demonstrated that matching on the propensity score eliminates a greater proportion of baseline differences between treated and untreated subjects than does stratification on the propensity score. However, the analysis of propensity-score-matched samples requires statistical methods appropriate for matched-pairs data. We critically evaluated 47 articles that were published between 1996 and 2003 in the medical literature and that employed propensity-score matching. We found that only two of the articles reported the balance of baseline characteristics between treated and untreated subjects in the matched sample and used correct statistical methods to assess the degree of imbalance. Thirteen (28 per cent) of the articles explicitly used statistical methods appropriate for the analysis of matched data when estimating the treatment effect and its statistical significance. Common errors included using the log-rank test to compare Kaplan-Meier survival curves in the matched sample, using Cox regression, logistic regression, chi-squared tests, t-tests, and Wilcoxon rank sum tests in the matched sample, thereby failing to account for the matched nature of the data. We provide guidelines for the analysis and reporting of studies that employ propensity-score matching. Copyright © 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Matching; Observational studies; Propensity score; Systematic review
Bornmann L.; Daniel H.	What do citation counts measure? A review of studies on citing behavior	2008	Journal of Documentation	10.1108/00220410810844150	"Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present a narrative review of studies on the citing behavior of scientists, covering mainly research published in the last 15 years. Based on the results of these studies, the paper seeks to answer the question of the extent to which scientists are motivated to cite a publication not only to acknowledge intellectual and cognitive influences of scientific peers, but also for other, possibly non-scientific, reasons. Design/methodology/approach - The review covers research published from the early 1960s up to mid-2005 (approximately 30 studies on citing behavior-reporting results in about 40 publications). Findings - The general tendency of the results of the empirical studies makes it clear that citing behavior is not motivated solely by the wish to acknowledge intellectual and cognitive influences of colleague scientists, since the individual studies reveal also other, in part non-scientific, factors that play a part in the decision to cite. However, the results of the studies must also be deemed scarcely reliable: the studies vary widely in design, and their results can hardly be replicated. Many of the studies have methodological weaknesses. Furthermore, there is evidence that the different motivations of citers are ""not so different or 'randomly given' to such an extent that the phenomenon of citation would lose its role as a reliable measure of impact"". Originality/value - Given the increasing importance of evaluative bibliometrics in the world of scholarship, the question ""What do citation counts measure?"" is a particularly relevant and topical issue. © Emerald Group Publishing Limited."	Bibliographic systems; Reference services
Gambhir S.S.; Czernin J.; Schwimmer J.; Silverman D.H.S.; Coleman R.E.; Phelps M.E.	A tabulated summary of the FDG PET literature	2001	Journal of Nuclear Medicine	N/A	[No abstract available]	Cardiology; FDG PET; Health Care Financing Administration; Literature review; Neurology; Oncology
Fahimnia B.; Tang C.S.; Davarzani H.; Sarkis J.	Quantitative models for managing supply chain risks: A review	2015	European Journal of Operational Research	10.1016/j.ejor.2015.04.034	As supply chain risk management has transitioned from an emerging topic to a growing research area, there is a need to classify different types of research and examine the general trends of this research area. This helps identify fertile research streams with great potential for further examination. This paper presents a systematic review of the quantitative and analytical models (i.e. mathematical, optimization and simulation modeling efforts) for managing supply chain risks. We use bibliometric and network analysis tools to generate insights that have not been captured in the previous reviews on the topic. In particular, we complete a systemic mapping of the literature that identifies the key research clusters/topics, interrelationships, and generative research areas that have provided the field with the foundational knowledge, concepts, theories, tools, and techniques. Some of our findings include (1) quantitative analysis of supply chain risk is expanding rapidly; (2) European journals are the more popular research outlets for the dissemination of the knowledge developed by researchers in United States and Asia; and (3) sustainability risk analysis is an emerging and fast evolving research topic. © 2015 Elsevier B.V. and Association of European Operational Research Societies (EURO) withinthe International Federation of Operational Research Societies (IFORS). All rightsreserved.	Bibliometrics and network analysis; Quantitative Model; Review; Supply Chain Risk; Uncertainty
Larivière V.; Ni C.; Gingras Y.; Cronin B.; Sugimoto C.R.	Global gender disparities in science	2013	Nature	10.1038/504211a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Terwee C.B.; Jansma E.P.; Riphagen I.I.; De Vet H.C.W.	Development of a methodological PubMed search filter for finding studies on measurement properties of measurement instruments	2009	Quality of Life Research	10.1007/s11136-009-9528-5	Objectives: For the measurement of patient-reported outcomes, such as (health-related) quality of life, often many measurement instruments exist that intend to measure the same construct. To facilitate instrument selection, our aim was to develop a highly sensitive search filter for finding studies on measurement properties of measurement instruments in PubMed and a more precise search filter that needs less abstracts to be screened, but at a higher risk of missing relevant studies. Methods: A random sample of 10,000 PubMed records (01-01-1990 to 31-12-2006) was used as a gold standard. Studies on measurement properties were identified using an exclusion filter and hand searching. Search terms were selected from the relevant records in the gold standard as well as from 100 systematic reviews of measurement properties and combined based on sensitivity and precision. The performance of the filters was tested in the gold standard as well as in two validation sets, by calculating sensitivity, precision, specificity, and number needed to read. Results: We identified 116 studies on measurement properties in the gold standard. The sensitive search filter was able to retrieve 113 of these 116 studies (sensitivity 97.4%, precision 4.4%). The precise search filter had a sensitivity of 93.1% and a precision of 9.4%. Both filters performed very well in the validation sets. Conclusion: The use of these search filters will contribute to evidence-based selection of measurement instruments in all medical fields.	Information storage and retrieval; Outcome assessment; Psychometrics; Review literature as topic
Martínez-López F.J.; Merigó J.M.; Valenzuela-Fernández L.; Nicolás C.	Fifty years of the European Journal of Marketing: a bibliometric analysis	2018	European Journal of Marketing	10.1108/EJM-11-2017-0853	Purpose: The European Journal of Marketing was created in 1967. In 2017, the journal celebrates its 50th anniversary. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to present a bibliometric overview of the leading trends of the journal during this period. Design/methodology/approach: This work uses the Scopus database to analyse the most productive authors, institutions and countries, as well as the most cited papers and the citing articles. The investigation uses bibliometric indicators to represent the bibliographic data, including the total number of publications and citations between 1967 and 2017. Additionally, the article also develops a graphical visualization of the bibliographic material by using the visualization of similarities viewer software to map journals, keywords and institutions with bibliographic coupling and co-citation analysis. Findings: British authors and institutions are the most productive in the journal, although Australians’ are growing significantly the number of papers published. Continental European institutions are also increasing the number of publications, but they are still far from reaching the British contribution so far. In the mid-term, however, these zone’s authors and institutions, especially those from big European countries like France, Germany, Italy and Spain, should reach a closer performance to British ones; more as less long, historic, but more recent periods of analysis are considered. Practical implications: This article is useful for any reader of this journal to understand questions such as papers’ European Journal of Marketing-related scientific productivity in terms of, for instance, contributors/authors, institutions and countries, or the main sources used to back them. Originality/value: This is the first comprehensive article offering a general overview of the leading trends and researchers of the journal over its history. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; h-index; Scopus; VOS viewer
Ellegaard O.; Wallin J.A.	The bibliometric analysis of scholarly production: How great is the impact?	2015	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-015-1645-z	Bibliometric methods or “analysis” are now firmly established as scientific specialties and are an integral part of research evaluation methodology especially within the scientific and applied fields. The methods are used increasingly when studying various aspects of science and also in the way institutions and universities are ranked worldwide. A sufficient number of studies have been completed, and with the resulting literature, it is now possible to analyse the bibliometric method by using its own methodology. The bibliometric literature in this study, which was extracted from Web of Science, is divided into two parts using a method comparable to the method of Jonkers et al. (Characteristics of bibliometrics articles in library and information sciences (LIS) and other journals, pp. 449–551, 2012: The publications either lie within the Information and Library Science (ILS) category or within the non-ILS category which includes more applied, “subject” based studies. The impact in the different groupings is judged by means of citation analysis using normalized data and an almost linear increase can be observed from 1994 onwards in the non-ILS category. The implication for the dissemination and use of the bibliometric methods in the different contexts is discussed. A keyword analysis identifies the most popular subjects covered by bibliometric analysis, and multidisciplinary articles are shown to have the highest impact. A noticeable shift is observed in those countries which contribute to the pool of bibliometric analysis, as well as a self-perpetuating effect in giving and taking references. © 2015, The Author(s).	Bibliometric analysis; Citation analysis; Impact of publications; Publication analysis
Blettler M.C.M.; Abrial E.; Khan F.R.; Sivri N.; Espinola L.A.	Freshwater plastic pollution: Recognizing research biases and identifying knowledge gaps	2018	Water Research	10.1016/j.watres.2018.06.015	The overwhelming majority of research conducted to date on plastic pollution (all size fractions) has focused on marine ecosystems. In comparison, only a few studies provide evidence for the presence of plastic debris in freshwater environments. However, owing to the numerous differences between freshwater studies (including studied species and habitats, geographical locations, social and economic contexts, the type of data obtained and also the broad range of purposes), they show only fragments of the overall picture of freshwater plastic pollution. This highlights the lack of a holistic vision and evidences several knowledge gaps and data biases. Through a bibliometric analysis we identified such knowledge gaps, inconsistencies and survey trends of plastic pollution research within freshwater ecosystems. We conclude that there is a continued need to increase the field-data bases about plastics (all size fractions) in freshwater environments. This is particularly important to estimate river plastic emissions to the world's oceans. Accordingly, data about macroplastics from most polluted and larger rivers are very scarce, although macroplastics represent a huge input in terms of plastics weight. In addition, submerged macroplastics may play an important role in transporting mismanaged plastic waste, however almost no studies exist. Although many of the most plastic polluted rivers are in Asia, only 14% of the reviewed studies were carried out in this continent (even though the major inland fisheries of the world are located in Asia's rivers). The potential damage caused by macroplastics on a wide range of freshwater fauna is as yet undetermined, even though negative impacts have been well documented in similar marine species. We also noted a clear supremacy of microplastic studies over macroplastic ones, even though there is no reason to assume that freshwater ecosystems remain unaffected by macro-debris. Finally, we recommend focusing monitoring efforts in most polluted rivers worldwide, but particularly in countries with rapid economic development and poor waste management. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd	Developing country; Endangered fauna; Freshwater environment; Macroplastic; Plastic pollution
Costas R.; Zahedi Z.; Wouters P.	"Do ""altmetrics"" correlate with citations? Extensive comparison of altmetric indicators with citations from a multidisciplinary perspective"	2015	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23309	An extensive analysis of the presence of different altmetric indicators provided by Altmetric.com across scientific fields is presented, particularly focusing on their relationship with citations. Our results confirm that the presence and density of social media altmetric counts are still very low and not very frequent among scientific publications, with 15%-24% of the publications presenting some altmetric activity and concentrated on the most recent publications, although their presence is increasing over time. Publications from the social sciences, humanities, and the medical and life sciences show the highest presence of altmetrics, indicating their potential value and interest for these fields. The analysis of the relationships between altmetrics and citations confirms previous claims of positive correlations but is relatively weak, thus supporting the idea that altmetrics do not reflect the same kind of impact as citations. Also, altmetric counts do not always present a better filtering of highly-cited publications than journal citation scores. Altmetric scores (particularly mentions in blogs) are able to identify highly-cited publications with higher levels of precision than journal citation scores (JCS), but they have a lower level of recall. The value of altmetrics as a complementary tool of citation analysis is highlighted, although more research is suggested to disentangle the potential meaning and value of altmetric indicators for research evaluation. © 2014 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; databases
Ramos-Rodrígue A.-R.; Ruíz-Navarro J.	Changes in the intellectual structure of strategic management research: A bibliometric study of the Strategic Management Journal, 1980-2000	2004	Strategic Management Journal	10.1002/smj.397	The aim of this paper is to identify the works that have had the greatest impact on strategic management research and to analyze the changes that have taken place in the intellectual structure of this discipline. The methodology is based on the bibliometric techniques of citation and co-citation analysis which are applied to all the articles published in the Strategic Management Journal from its first issue in 1980 through 2000. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Strategic management research
Rodriguez A.; Laio A.	Clustering by fast search and find of density peaks	2014	Science	10.1126/science.1242072	Cluster analysis is aimed at classifying elements into categories on the basis of their similarity. Its applications range from astronomy to bioinformatics, bibliometrics, and pattern recognition.We propose an approach based on the idea that cluster centers are characterized by a higher density than their neighbors and by a relatively large distance from points with higher densities. This idea forms the basis of a clustering procedure in which the number of clusters arises intuitively, outliers are automatically spotted and excluded fromthe analysis, and clusters are recognized regardless of their shape and of the dimensionality of the space inwhich they are embedded.We demonstrate the power of the algorithm on several test cases.	N/A
Piwowar H.; Priem J.; Larivière V.; Alperin J.P.; Matthias L.; Norlander B.; Farley A.; West J.; Haustein S.	The state of OA: A large-scale analysis of the prevalence and impact of Open Access articles	2018	PeerJ	10.7717/peerj.4375	Despite growing interest in Open Access (OA) to scholarly literature, there is an unmet need for large-scale, up-to-date, and reproducible studies assessing the prevalence and characteristics of OA. We address this need using oaDOI, an open online service that determines OA status for 67 million articles. We use three samples, each of 100,000 articles, to investigateOAin three populations: (1) all journal articles assigned a Crossref DOI, (2) recent journal articles indexed in Web of Science, and (3) articles viewed by users of Unpaywall, an open-source browser extension that lets users find OA articles using oaDOI. We estimate that at least 28% of the scholarly literature is OA (19M in total) and that this proportion is growing, driven particularly by growth in Gold and Hybrid. The most recent year analyzed (2015) also has the highest percentage of OA (45%). Because of this growth, and the fact that readers disproportionately access newer articles, we find that Unpaywall users encounter OA quite frequently: 47% of articles they view are OA. Notably, the most common mechanism for OA is not Gold, Green, or Hybrid OA, but rather an under-discussed category we dub Bronze: articles made freeto- read on the publisher website, without an explicit Open license. We also examine the citation impact of OA articles, corroborating the so-called open-access citation advantage: accounting for age and discipline, OA articles receive 18% more citations than average, an effect driven primarily by Green and Hybrid OA. Weencourage further research using the free oaDOI service, as a way to inform OA policy and practice. © 2018 Piwowar et al.	Bibliometrics; Libraries; Open access; Open science; Publishing; Scholarly communication; Science policy; Scientometrics
van der Have R.P.; Rubalcaba L.	Social innovation research: An emerging area of innovation studies?	2016	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2016.06.010	While the adoption of Social Innovation (SI) in the governance and policy domain has fueled a rapidly expanding scholarly literature, this field has become characterized by conceptual ambiguity and a diversity of definitions and research settings. This present situation inhibits the integration of findings. This paper traces the content, scope and relatively short history of modern social innovation research across disciplines by applying network and bibliometric analyses, and explores their relevance to innovation studies. Based on data from 172 publications, we analyze scholarly works that directly address the social innovation topic, allowing us to identify the precedence, dynamics and the current map of social innovation research as an emerging field of study. Our analysis suggests that the SI field is grounded in four distinct intellectual communities arising through a somewhat organized diffusion process: 1) Community Psychology; 2) Creativity research; 3) Social and societal challenges; 4) Local development. The interest of SI in the areas of management and entrepreneurship is only very recent and is currently reflected within existing communities. We forge conceptual bridges between the two (currently very separate) domains of social innovation and innovation studies, and the implications of our finding for further research and policy are also discussed. © 2016 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Integrative literature review; Social entrepreneurship; Social innovation; Social technology; Social value
Stetler C.; Miller G.E.	Depression and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal activation: A quantitative summary of four decades of research	2011	Psychosomatic Medicine	10.1097/PSY.0b013e31820ad12b	Objectives: To summarize quantitatively the literature comparing hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis function between depressed and nondepressed individuals and to describe the important sources of variability in this literature. These sources include methodological differences between studies, as well as demographic or clinical differences between depressed samples. Methods: The current study used meta-analytic techniques to compare 671 effect sizes (cortisol, adrenocorticotropic hormone, or corticotropin-releasing hormone) across 361 studies, including 18,454 individuals. Results: Although depressed individuals tended to display increased cortisol (d = 0.60; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.54-0.66) and adrenocorticotropic hormone levels (d = 0.28; 95% CI, 0.16-0.41), they did not display elevations in corticotropin-releasing hormone (d = 0.02; 95% CI, -0.47-0.51). The magnitude of the cortisol effect was reduced by almost half (d = 0.33; 95% CI, 0.21-0.45) when analyses were limited to studies that met minimal methodological standards. Gender did not significantly modify any HPA outcome. Studies that included older hospitalized individuals reported significantly greater cortisol differences between depressed and nondepressed groups compared with studies with younger outpatient samples. Important cortisol differences also emerged for atypical, endogenous, melancholic, and psychotic forms of depression. Conclusions: The current study suggests that the degree of HPA hyperactivity can vary considerably across patient groups. Results are consistent with HPA hyperactivity as a link between depression and increased risk for conditions, such as diabetes, dementia, coronary heart disease, and osteoporosis. Such a link is strongest among older inpatients who display melancholic or psychotic features of depression. Copyright © 2011 by the American Psychosomatic Society.	adrenocorticotropic hormone; corticotropin-releasing hormone; cortisol; depression; hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis; meta-analysis
Martín-Martín A.; Orduna-Malea E.; Thelwall M.; Delgado López-Cózar E.	Google Scholar, Web of Science, and Scopus: A systematic comparison of citations in 252 subject categories	2018	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2018.09.002	Despite citation counts from Google Scholar (GS), Web of Science (WoS), and Scopus being widely consulted by researchers and sometimes used in research evaluations, there is no recent or systematic evidence about the differences between them. In response, this paper investigates 2,448,055 citations to 2299 English-language highly-cited documents from 252 GS subject categories published in 2006, comparing GS, the WoS Core Collection, and Scopus. GS consistently found the largest percentage of citations across all areas (93%-96%), far ahead of Scopus (35%-77%) and WoS (27%-73%). GS found nearly all the WoS (95%) and Scopus (92%) citations. Most citations found only by GS were from non-journal sources (48%-65%), including theses, books, conference papers, and unpublished materials. Many were non-English (19%-38%), and they tended to be much less cited than citing sources that were also in Scopus or WoS. Despite the many unique GS citing sources, Spearman correlations between citation counts in GS and WoS or Scopus are high (0.78-0.99). They are lower in the Humanities, and lower between GS and WoS than between GS and Scopus. The results suggest that in all areas GS citation data is essentially a superset of WoS and Scopus, with substantial extra coverage. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Academic search engines; Bibliographic databases; Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Citation overlap; Coverage; Google Scholar; Scientometrics; Scopus; Unique citations; Web of Science
Ren Y.; Yu M.; Wu C.; Wang Q.; Gao M.; Huang Q.; Liu Y.	A comprehensive review on food waste anaerobic digestion: Research updates and tendencies	2018	Bioresource Technology	10.1016/j.biortech.2017.09.109	Anaerobic digestion has been practically applied in agricultural and industrial waste treatment and recognized as an economical-effective way for food waste disposal. This paper presented an overview on the researches about anaerobic digestion of food waste. Technologies (e.g., pretreatment, co-digestion, inhibition and mitigation, anaerobic digestion systems, etc.) were introduced and evaluated on the basis of bibliometric analysis. Results indicated that ethanol and aerobic prefermentation were novel approaches to enhance substrates hydrolysis and methane yield. With the promotion of resource recovery, more attention should be paid to biorefinery technologies which can produce more useful products toward zero emissions. Furthermore, a technological route for food waste conversion based on anaerobic digestion was proposed. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Biorefinery; Methane; Two-stage anaerobic system; Waste bioconversion
Cobo M.J.; Martínez M.A.; Gutiérrez-Salcedo M.; Fujita H.; Herrera-Viedma E.	25 years at Knowledge-Based Systems: A bibliometric analysis	2015	Knowledge-Based Systems	10.1016/j.knosys.2014.12.035	In commemoration of the Anniversary 25th of KnoSys we present a bibliometric analysis of the scientific content of the journal during the period 1991-2014. This analysis shows the conceptual evolution of the journal and some of its performance bibliometric indicators based on citations, as the evolution of its impact factor, its h-index, and its most cited authors/documents. © 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Citations; Co-word analysis; h-index; Science mapping
Ioannidis J.P.A.	Contradicted and initially stronger effects in highly cited clinical research	2005	JAMA	10.1001/jama.294.2.218	"Context: Controversy and uncertainty ensue when the results of clinical research on the effectiveness of interventions are subsequently contradicted. Controversies are most prominent when high-impact research is involved. Objectives: To understand how frequently highly cited studies are contradicted or find effects that are stronger than in other similar studies and to discern whether specific characteristics are associated with such refutation over time. Design: All original clinical research studies published in 3 major general clinical journals or high-impact-factor specialty journals in 1990-2003 and cited more than 1000 times in the literature were examined. Main Outcome Measure: The results of highly cited articles were compared against subsequent studies of comparable or larger sample size and similar or better controlled designs. The same analysis was also performed comparatively for matched studies that were not so highly cited. Results: Of 49 highly cited original clinical research studies, 45 claimed that the intervention was effective. Of these, 7 (16%) were contradicted by subsequent studies, 7 others (16%) had found effects that were stronger than those of subsequent studies, 20 (44%) were replicated, and 11 (24%) remained largely unchallenged. Five of 6 highly-cited nonrandomized studies had been contradicted or had found stronger effects vs 9 of 39 randomized controlled trials (P=.008). Among randomized trials, studies with contradicted or stronger effects were smaller (P=.009) than replicated or unchallenged studies although there was no statistically significant difference in their early or overall citation impact. Matched control studies did not have a significantly different share of refuted results than highly cited studies, but they included more studies with ""negative"" results. Conclusions: Contradiction and initially stronger effects are not unusual in highly cited research of clinical interventions and their outcomes. The extent to which high citations may provoke contradictions and vice versa needs more study. Controversies are most common with highly cited nonrandomized studies, but even the most highly cited randomized trials may be challenged and refuted over time, especially small ones. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved."	N/A
Mathieu S.; Boutron I.; Moher D.; Altman D.G.; Ravaud P.	Comparison of registered and published primary outcomes in randomized controlled trials	2009	JAMA	10.1001/jama.2009.1242	Context: As of 2005, the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors required investigators to register their trials prior to participant enrollment as a precondition for publishing the trial's findings in member journals. Objective: To assess the proportion of registered trials with results recently published in journals with high impact factors; to compare the primary outcomes specified in trial registries with those reported in the published articles; and to determine whether primary outcome reporting bias favored significant outcomes. Data Sources and Study Selection: MEDLINE via PubMed was searched for reports of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in 3 medical areas (cardiology, rheumatology, and gastroenterology) indexed in 2008 in the 10 general medical journals and specialty journals with the highest impact factors. Data Extraction: For each included article, we obtained the trial registration information using a standardized data extraction form. Results: Of the 323 included trials, 147 (45.5%) were adequately registered (ie, registered before the end of the trial, with the primary outcome clearly specified). Trial registration was lacking for 89 published reports (27.6%), 45 trials (13.9%) were registered after the completion of the study, 35 (10.8%) were registered with no or an unclear description of the primary outcome, 39 (12%) were registered with no or an unclear description of the primary outcome, and 3 (0.9%) were registered after the completion of the study and had an unclear description of the primary outcome. Among articles with trials adequately registered, 31% (46 of 147) showed some evidence of discrepancies between the outcomes registered and the outcomes published. The influence of these discrepancies could be assessed in only half of them and in these statistically significant results were favored in 82.6% (19 of 23). Conclusion: Comparison of the primary outcomes of RCTs registered with their subsequent publication indicated that selective outcome reporting is prevalent. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.	N/A
Baas J.; Schotten M.; Plume A.; Côté G.; Karimi R.	Scopus as a curated, high-quality bibliometric data source for academic research in quantitative science studies	2020	Quantitative Science Studies	10.1162/qss_a_00019	Scopus is among the largest curated abstract and citation databases, with a wide global and regional coverage of scientific journals, conference proceedings, and books, while ensuring only the highest quality data are indexed through rigorous content selection and re-evaluation by an independent Content Selection and Advisory Board. Additionally, extensive quality assurance processes continuously monitor and improve all data elements in Scopus. Besides enriched metadata records of scientific articles, Scopus offers comprehensive author and institution profiles, obtained from advanced profiling algorithms and manual curation, ensuring high precision and recall. The trustworthiness of Scopus has led to its use as bibliometric data source for large-scale analyses in research assessments, research landscape studies, science policy evaluations, and university rankings. Scopus data have been offered for free for selected studies by the academic research community, such as through application programming interfaces, which have led to many publications employing Scopus data to investigate topics such as researcher mobility, network visualizations, and spatial bibliometrics. In June 2019, the International Center for the Study of Research was launched, with an advisory board consisting of bibliometricians, aiming to work with the scientometric research community and offering a virtual laboratory where researchers will be able to utilize Scopus data. © 2020 Jeroen Baas, Michiel Schotten, Andrew Plume, Grégoire Côté, and Reza Karimi.	Abstract and citation database; Author profile; Bibliographic database; Bibliometrics; Citation linking; Content Selection and Advisory Board; CSAB; Data cleaning; Data clustering; Data curation; Data linking; ICSR; Institution profile; International Center for the Study of Research; Network visualization; ORCiD; Quality assurance; Research assessment; Researcher mobility; Science policy evaluation; Scientometrics; University ranking
Abraham C.; Michie S.	A Taxonomy of Behavior Change Techniques Used in Interventions	2008	Health Psychology	10.1037/0278-6133.27.3.379	Objective: Without standardized definitions of the techniques included in behavior change interventions, it is difficult to faithfully replicate effective interventions and challenging to identify techniques contributing to effectiveness across interventions. This research aimed to develop and test a theory-linked taxonomy of generally applicable behavior change techniques (BCTs). Design: Twenty-six BCTs were defined. Two psychologists used a 5-page coding manual to independently judge the presence or absence of each technique in published intervention descriptions and in intervention manuals. Results: Three systematic reviews yielded 195 published descriptions. Across 78 reliability tests (i.e., 26 techniques applied to 3 reviews), the average kappa per technique was 0.79, with 93% of judgments being agreements. Interventions were found to vary widely in the range and type of techniques used, even when targeting the same behavior among similar participants. The average agreement for intervention manuals was 85%, and a comparison of BCTs identified in 13 manuals and 13 published articles describing the same interventions generated a technique correspondence rate of 74%, with most mismatches (73%) arising from identification of a technique in the manual but not in the article. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate the feasibility of developing standardized definitions of BCTs included in behavioral interventions and highlight problematic variability in the reporting of intervention content. © 2008 American Psychological Association.	behavior change; CONSORT; content; intervention; taxonomy; techniques
Chen C.; Song M.	Visualizing a field of research: A methodology of systematic scientometric reviews	2019	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0223994	Systematic scientometric reviews, empowered by computational and visual analytic approaches, offer opportunities to improve the timeliness, accessibility, and reproducibility of studies of the literature of a field of research. On the other hand, effectively and adequately identifying the most representative body of scholarly publications as the basis of subsequent analyses remains a common bottleneck in the current practice. What can we do to reduce the risk of missing something potentially significant? How can we compare different search strategies in terms of the relevance and specificity of topical areas covered? In this study, we introduce a flexible and generic methodology based on a significant extension of the general conceptual framework of citation indexing for delineating the literature of a research field. The method, through cascading citation expansion, provides a practical connection between studies of science from local and global perspectives. We demonstrate an application of the methodology to the research of literature-based discovery (LBD) and compare five datasets constructed based on three use scenarios and corresponding retrieval strategies, namely a query-based lexical search (one dataset), forward expansions starting from a groundbreaking article of LBD (two datasets), and backward expansions starting from a recently published review article by a prominent expert in LBD (two datasets). We particularly discuss the relevance of areas captured by expansion processes with reference to the query-based scientometric visualization. The method used in this study for comparing bibliometric datasets is applicable to comparative studies of search strategies. © 2019 Chen, Song. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Merigó J.M.; Mas-Tur A.; Roig-Tierno N.; Ribeiro-Soriano D.	A bibliometric overview of the Journal of Business Research between 1973 and 2014	2015	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2015.04.006	The Journal of Business Research is a leading international journal in business research dating back to 1973. This study analyzes all the publications in the journal since its creation by using a bibliometric approach. The objective is to provide a complete overview of the main factors that affect the journal. This analysis includes key issues such as the publication and citation structure of the journal, the most cited articles, and the leading authors, institutions, and countries in the journal. Unsurprisingly, the USA is the leading region in the journal although a considerable dispersion exists, especially during the last years when European and Asian universities are taking a more significant position. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Business research; Journal analysis; Web of Science
Vilagut G.; Ferrer M.; Rajmil L.; Rebollo P.; Permanyer-Miralda G.; Quintana J.M.; Santed R.; Valderas J.M.; Ribera A.; Domingo-Salvany A.; Alonso J.	The Spanish version of the Short Form 36 Health Survey: a decade of experience and new developments.; [El Cuestionario de Salud SF-36 español: una década de experiencia y nuevos desarrollos.]	2005	Gaceta sanitaria / S.E.S.P.A.S	10.1157/13074369	OBJECTIVE: The Short Form-36 Health Survey (SF-36) is one of the most widely used and evaluated generic health-related quality of life (HRQL) questionnaires. After almost a decade of use in Spain, the present article critically reviews the content and metric properties of the Spanish version, as well as its new developments. METHODS: A review of indexed articles that used the Spanish version of the SF-36 was performed in Medline (PubMed), the Spanish bibliographic databases IBECS and IME. Articles that provided information on the measurement model, reliability, validity, and responsiveness to change of the instrument were selected. RESULTS: Seventy-nine articles were found, of which 17 evaluated the metric characteristics of the questionnaire. The reliability of the SF-36 scales was higher than the suggested standard (Cronbach's alpha) of 0.7 in 96% of the evaluations. Grouped evaluations obtained by meta-analysis were higher than 0.7 in all cases. The SF-36 showed good discrimination among severity groups, moderate correlations with clinical indicators, and high correlations with other HRQL instruments. Moreover, questionnaire scores predicted mortality and were able to detect improvement due to therapeutic interventions such as coronary angioplasty, benign prostatic hyperplasia surgery, and non-invasive positive pressure home ventilation. The new developments (norm-based scoring, version 2, the SF-12 and SF-8) improved both the metric properties and interpretation of the questionnaire. CONCLUSIONS: The Spanish version of the SF-36 and its recently developed versions is a suitable instrument for use in medical research, as well as in clinical practice.	N/A
King D.A.	The scientific impact of nations	2004	Nature	10.1038/430311a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Shen C.; Björk B.-C.	'Predatory' open access: A longitudinal study of article volumes and market characteristics	2015	BMC Medicine	10.1186/s12916-015-0469-2	Background: A negative consequence of the rapid growth of scholarly open access publishing funded by article processing charges is the emergence of publishers and journals with highly questionable marketing and peer review practices. These so-called predatory publishers are causing unfounded negative publicity for open access publishing in general. Reports about this branch of e-business have so far mainly concentrated on exposing lacking peer review and scandals involving publishers and journals. There is a lack of comprehensive studies about several aspects of this phenomenon, including extent and regional distribution. Methods: After an initial scan of all predatory publishers and journals included in the so-called Beall's list, a sample of 613 journals was constructed using a stratified sampling method from the total of over 11,000 journals identified. Information about the subject field, country of publisher, article processing charge and article volumes published between 2010 and 2014 were manually collected from the journal websites. For a subset of journals, individual articles were sampled in order to study the country affiliation of authors and the publication delays. Results: Over the studied period, predatory journals have rapidly increased their publication volumes from 53,000 in 2010 to an estimated 420,000 articles in 2014, published by around 8,000 active journals. Early on, publishers with more than 100 journals dominated the market, but since 2012 publishers in the 10-99 journal size category have captured the largest market share. The regional distribution of both the publisher's country and authorship is highly skewed, in particular Asia and Africa contributed three quarters of authors. Authors paid an average article processing charge of 178 USD per article for articles typically published within 2 to 3 months of submission. Conclusions: Despite a total number of journals and publishing volumes comparable to respectable (indexed by the Directory of Open Access Journals) open access journals, the problem of predatory open access seems highly contained to just a few countries, where the academic evaluation practices strongly favor international publication, but without further quality checks. © 2015 Shen and Björk.	Open access; Scientific publishing
Gleich D.F.	PageRank beyond the web	2015	SIAM Review	10.1137/140976649	Google's PageRank method was developed to evaluate the importance of web-pages via their link structure. The mathematics of PageRank, however, are entirely general and apply to any graph or network in any domain. Thus, PageRank is now regularly used in bibliometrics, social and information network analysis, and for link prediction and recommendation. It's even used for systems analysis of road networks, as well as biology, chemistry, neuroscience, and physics. We'll see the mathematics and ideas that unite these diverse applications. © 2015 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics. Copyright © by SIAM.	Markov chain; PageRank
Budden A.E.; Tregenza T.; Aarssen L.W.; Koricheva J.; Leimu R.; Lortie C.J.	Double-blind review favours increased representation of female authors	2008	Trends in Ecology and Evolution	10.1016/j.tree.2007.07.008	Double-blind peer review, in which neither author nor reviewer identity are revealed, is rarely practised in ecology or evolution journals. However, in 2001, double-blind review was introduced by the journal Behavioral Ecology. Following this policy change, there was a significant increase in female first-authored papers, a pattern not observed in a very similar journal that provides reviewers with author information. No negative effects could be identified, suggesting that double-blind review should be considered by other journals. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	N/A
Perez-Riverol Y.; Bai J.; Bandla C.; García-Seisdedos D.; Hewapathirana S.; Kamatchinathan S.; Kundu D.J.; Prakash A.; Frericks-Zipper A.; Eisenacher M.; Walzer M.; Wang S.; Brazma A.; Vizcaíno J.A.	The PRIDE database resources in 2022: A hub for mass spectrometry-based proteomics evidences	2022	Nucleic Acids Research	10.1093/nar/gkab1038	The PRoteomics IDEntifications (PRIDE) database (https://www.ebi.ac.uk/pride/) is the world's largest data repository of mass spectrometry-based proteomics data. PRIDE is one of the founding members of the global ProteomeXchange (PX) consortium and an ELIXIR core data resource. In this manuscript, we summarize the developments in PRIDE resources and related tools since the previous update manuscript was published in Nucleic Acids Research in 2019. The number of submitted datasets to PRIDE Archive (the archival component of PRIDE) has reached on average around 500 datasets per month during 2021. In addition to continuous improvements in PRIDE Archive data pipelines and infrastructure, the PRIDE Spectra Archive has been developed to provide direct access to the submitted mass spectra using Universal Spectrum Identifiers. As a key point, the file format MAGE-TAB for proteomics has been developed to enable the improvement of sample metadata annotation. Additionally, the resource PRIDE Peptidome provides access to aggregated peptide/protein evidences across PRIDE Archive. Furthermore, we will describe how PRIDE has increased its efforts to reuse and disseminate high-quality proteomics data into other added-value resources such as UniProt, Ensembl and Expression Atlas. © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Nucleic Acids Research.	N/A
Wuchty S.; Jones B.F.; Uzzi B.	The increasing dominance of teams in production of knowledge	2007	Science	10.1126/science.1136099	We have used 19.9 million papers over 5 decades and 2.1 million patents to demonstrate that teams increasingly dominate solo authors in the production of knowledge. Research is increasingly done in teams across nearly all fields. Teams typically produce more frequently cited research than individuals do, and this advantage has been increasing over time. Teams now also produce the exceptionally high-impact research, even where that distinction was once the domain of solo authors. These results are detailed for sciences and engineering, social sciences, arts and humanities, and patents, suggesting that the process of knowledge creation has fundamentally changed.	N/A
Borgman C.L.; Furner J.	Scholarly communication and bibliometrics	2002	Annual Review of Information Science and Technology	10.1002/aris.1440360102	[No abstract available]	N/A
Moral-Muñoz J.A.; Herrera-Viedma E.; Santisteban-Espejo A.; Cobo M.J.	Software tools for conducting bibliometric analysis in science: An up-to-date review	2020	Profesional de la Informacion	10.3145/epi.2020.ene.03	Bibliometrics has become an essential tool for assessing and analyzing the output of scientists, cooperation between universities, the effect of state-owned science funding on national research and development performance and educational efficiency, among other applications. Therefore, professionals and scientists need a range of theoretical and practical tools to measure experimental data. This review aims to provide an up-to-date review of the various tools available for conducting bibliometric and scientometric analyses, including the sources of data acquisition, performance analysis and visualization tools. The included tools were divided into three categories: general bibliometric and performance analysis, science mapping analysis, and libraries; a description of all of them is provided. A comparative analysis of the database sources support, pre-processing capabilities, analysis and visualization options were also provided in order to facilitate its understanding. Although there are numerous bibliometric databases to obtain data for bibliometric and scientometric analysis, they have been developed for a different purpose. The number of exportable records is between 500 and 50,000 and the coverage of the different science fields is unequal in each database. Concerning the analyzed tools, Bibliometrix contains the more extensive set of techniques and suitable for practitioners through Biblioshiny. VOSviewer has a fantastic visualization and is capable of loading and exporting information from many sources. SciMAT is the tool with a powerful pre-processing and export capability. In views of the variability of features, the users need to decide the desired analysis output and chose the option that better fits into their aims. © 2020, El Profesional de la Informacion. All rights reserved.	Bibliographic databases; Bibliometrics; Libraries; Performance analysis; Python-package; R-package; Science mapping analysis; Scientometrics; Software; Software review; Tools
Jagsi R.; Guancial E.A.; Worobey C.C.; Henault L.E.; Chang Y.; Starr R.; Tarbell N.J.; Hylek E.M.	"The ""gender gap"" in authorship of academic medical literature - A 35-year perspective"	2006	New England Journal of Medicine	10.1056/NEJMsa053910	Background: Participation of women in the medical profession has increased during the past four decades, but issues of concern persist regarding disparities between the sexes in academic medicine. Advancement is largely driven by peer-reviewed original research, so we sought to determine the representation of female physician-investigators among the authors of selected publications during the past 35 years. Methods: Original articles from six prominent medical journals - the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), the Annals of Internal Medicine (Ann Intern Med), the Annals of Surgery (Ann Surg), Obstetrics & Gynecology (Obstet Gynecol), and the Journal of Pediatrics (J Pediatr) - were categorized according to the sex of both the first and the senior (last listed) author. Sex was also determined for the authors of guest editorials in NEJM and JAMA. Data were collected for the years 1970, 1980, 1990, 2000, and 2004. The analysis was restricted to authors from U.S. institutions holding M.D. degrees. Results: The sex was determined for 98.5 percent of the 7249 U.S. authors of original research with M.D. degrees. The proportion of first authors who were women increased from 5.9 percent in 1970 to 29.3 percent in 2004 (P<0.001), and the proportion of senior authors who were women increased from 3.7 percent to 19.3 percent (P<0.001) during the same period. The proportion of authors who were women increased most sharply in Obstet Gynecol (from 6.7 percent of first authors and 6.8 percent of senior authors in 1970 to 40.7 percent of first authors and 28.0 percent of senior authors in 2004) and J Pediatr (from 15.0 percent of first authors and 4.3 percent of senior authors in 1970 to 38.9 percent of first authors and 38.0 percent of senior authors in 2004) and remained low in Ann Surg (from 2.3 percent of first authors and 0.7 percent of senior authors in 1970 to 16.7 percent of first authors and 6.7 percent of senior authors in 2004). In 2004, 11.4 percent of the authors of guest editorials in NEJM and 18.8 percent of the authors of guest editorials in JAMA were women. Conclusions: Over the past four decades, the proportion of women among both first and senior physician-authors of original research in the United States has significantly increased. Nevertheless, women still compose a minority of the authors of original research and guest editorials in the journals studied. Copyright © 2006 Massachusetts Medical Society.	N/A
Donthu N.; Kumar S.; Pattnaik D.	Forty-five years of Journal of Business Research: A bibliometric analysis	2020	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2019.10.039	Journal of Business Research (JBR) is a journal of international repute that publishes original, peer-reviewed, and empirical research in business and management. Key business decisions, processes, and activities within real business settings frequently feature in JBR articles. The journal reached its 45th year of publishing in 2017. Using bibliometric techniques, we analyze the journal's impact, its prominent topics, and its most prolific authors, including their affiliated institutions and countries. Using network analysis in VOSviewer software, we group JBR publications into six clusters. Through Gephi software, the findings depict the co-authorship and bibliographic couplings of authors and their affiliated institutions and countries, co-citations of journals, and co-occurrence of author-specified keywords. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliographic coupling; Bibliometrics; Gephi; Journal of Business Research; Scopus; VOSviewer
Cobo M.J.; Lõpez-Herrera A.G.; Herrera-Viedma E.; Herrera F.	SciMAT: A new science mapping analysis software tool	2012	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22688	This article presents a new open-source software tool, SciMAT, which performs science mapping analysis within a longitudinal framework. It provides different modules that help the analyst to carry out all the steps of the science mapping workflow. In addition, SciMAT presents three key features that are remarkable in respect to other science mapping software tools: (a) a powerful preprocessing module to clean the raw bibliographical data, (b) the use of bibliometric measures to study the impact of each studied element, and (c) a wizard to configure the analysis. © 2012 ASIS&T.	bibliographic software; bibliometrics; computer software applications
Pham M.T.; Rajić A.; Greig J.D.; Sargeant J.M.; Papadopoulos A.; Mcewen S.A.	A scoping review of scoping reviews: Advancing the approach and enhancing the consistency	2014	Research Synthesis Methods	10.1002/jrsm.1123	Background: The scoping review has become an increasingly popular approach for synthesizing research evidence. It is a relatively new approach for which a universal study definition or definitive procedure has not been established. The purpose of this scoping review was to provide an overview of scoping reviews in the literature. Methods: A scoping review was conducted using the Arksey and O'Malley framework. A search was conducted in four bibliographic databases and the gray literature to identify scoping review studies. Review selection and characterization were performed by two independent reviewers using pretested forms. Results: The search identified 344 scoping reviews published from 1999 to October 2012. The reviews varied in terms of purpose, methodology, and detail of reporting. Nearly three-quarter of reviews (74.1%) addressed a health topic. Study completion times varied from 2weeks to 20months, and 51% utilized a published methodological framework. Quality assessment of included studies was infrequently performed (22.38%). Conclusions: Scoping reviews are a relatively new but increasingly common approach for mapping broad topics. Because of variability in their conduct, there is a need for their methodological standardization to ensure the utility and strength of evidence. © 2014 The Authors. Research Synthesis Methods published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	Knowledge synthesis; Literature review; Methodology; Scoping review
Wallin J.A.	Bibliometric methods: Pitfalls and possibilities	2005	Basic and Clinical Pharmacology and Toxicology	10.1111/j.1742-7843.2005.pto_139.x	Bibliometric studies are increasingly being used for research assessment. Bibliometric indicators are strongly methodology-dependent but for all of them, various types of data normalization are an indispensable requirement. Bibliometric studies have many pitfalls; technical skill, critical sense and a precise knowledge about the examined scientific domain are required to carry out and interpret bibliometric investigations correctly. © Basic & Clinical Pharmacology & Toxicology 2005.	N/A
Aksnes D.W.; Langfeldt L.; Wouters P.	Citations, Citation Indicators, and Research Quality: An Overview of Basic Concepts and Theories	2019	SAGE Open	10.1177/2158244019829575	Citations are increasingly used as performance indicators in research policy and within the research system. Usually, citations are assumed to reflect the impact of the research or its quality. What is the justification for these assumptions and how do citations relate to research quality? These and similar issues have been addressed through several decades of scientometric research. This article provides an overview of some of the main issues at stake, including theories of citation and the interpretation and validity of citations as performance measures. Research quality is a multidimensional concept, where plausibility/soundness, originality, scientific value, and societal value commonly are perceived as key characteristics. The article investigates how citations may relate to these various research quality dimensions. It is argued that citations reflect aspects related to scientific impact and relevance, although with important limitations. On the contrary, there is no evidence that citations reflect other key dimensions of research quality. Hence, an increased use of citation indicators in research evaluation and funding may imply less attention to these other research quality dimensions, such as solidity/plausibility, originality, and societal value. © The Author(s) 2019.	bibliometrics; citations; evaluation; indicators; metrics; research quality
Liao H.; Tang M.; Luo L.; Li C.; Chiclana F.; Zeng X.-J.	A bibliometric analysis and visualization of medical big data research	2018	Sustainability (Switzerland)	10.3390/su10010166	"With the rapid development of ""Internet plus"", medical care has entered the era of big data. However, there is little research on medical big data (MBD) from the perspectives of bibliometrics and visualization. The substantive research on the basic aspects of MBD itself is also rare. This study aims to explore the current status of medical big data through visualization analysis on the journal papers related to MBD.We analyze a total of 988 references which were downloaded from the Science Citation Index Expanded and the Social Science Citation Index databases fromWeb of Science and the time span was defined as ""all years"". The GraphPad Prism 5, VOSviewer and CiteSpace softwares are used for analysis. Many results concerning the annual trends, the top players in terms of journal and institute levels, the citations and H-index in terms of country level, the keywords distribution, the highly cited papers, the co-authorship status and the most influential journals and authors are presented in this paper. This study points out the development status and trends on MBD. It can help people in the medical profession to get comprehensive understanding on the state of the art of MBD. It also has reference values for the research and application of the MBD visualization methods. © 2018 by the authors."	Bibliometric analysis; Co-authorship analysis; Co-citation analysis; Medical big data; Visualization
Mongeon P.; Paul-Hus A.	The journal coverage of Web of Science and Scopus: a comparative analysis	2016	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-015-1765-5	Bibliometric methods are used in multiple fields for a variety of purposes, namely for research evaluation. Most bibliometric analyses have in common their data sources: Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science (WoS) and Elsevier’s Scopus. The objective of this research is to describe the journal coverage of those two databases and to assess whether some field, publishing country and language are over or underrepresented. To do this we compared the coverage of active scholarly journals in WoS (13,605 journals) and Scopus (20,346 journals) with Ulrich’s extensive periodical directory (63,013 journals). Results indicate that the use of either WoS or Scopus for research evaluation may introduce biases that favor Natural Sciences and Engineering as well as Biomedical Research to the detriment of Social Sciences and Arts and Humanities. Similarly, English-language journals are overrepresented to the detriment of other languages. While both databases share these biases, their coverage differs substantially. As a consequence, the results of bibliometric analyses may vary depending on the database used. These results imply that in the context of comparative research evaluation, WoS and Scopus should be used with caution, especially when comparing different fields, institutions, countries or languages. The bibliometric community should continue its efforts to develop methods and indicators that include scientific output that are not covered in WoS or Scopus, such as field-specific and national citation indexes. © 2015, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Citation indexes; Research evaluation; Scopus; Web of Science
Lambert S.D.; Loiselle C.G.	Health information-seeking behavior	2007	Qualitative Health Research	10.1177/1049732307305199	Seeking information about one's health is increasingly documented as a key coping strategy in health-promotive activities and psychosocial adjustment to illness. In this article, the authors critically examine the scientific literature from 1982 to 2006 on the concept of health information-seeking behavior (HISB) to determine its level of maturity and clarify the concept's essential characteristics. A principle-based method of concept analysis provides the framework for exploring the nature of HISB. The authors reviewed approximately 100 published articles and five books reporting on HISB. Although HISB is a popular concept used in various contexts, most HISB definitions provide little insight into the concept's specific meanings. The authors describe the concept's characteristics, contributing to a clearer understanding of HISB, and discuss operationalizations, antecedents, and outcomes of HISB. Such an analysis of HISB might guide further theorizing on this highly relevant concept and assist health care providers in designing optimal informational interventions. © 2007 Sage Publications.	Concept analysis; Health information; Information seeking
Royle P.; Milne R.	Literature searching for randomized controlled trials used in Cochrane reviews: Rapid versus exhaustive searches	2003	International Journal of Technology Assessment in Health Care	10.1017/S0266462303000552	Objectives: To analyze sources searched in Cochrane reviews, to determine the proportion of trials included in reviews that are indexed in major databases, and to compare the quality of these trials with those from other sources. Methods: All new systematic reviews in the Cochrane Library, Issue1 2001, that were restricted to randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or quasi-RCTs were selected. The sources searched in the reviews were recorded, and the trials included were checked to see whether they were indexed in four major databases. Trials not indexed were checked to determine how they could be identified. The quality of trials found in major databases was compared with those found from other sources. Results: The range in the number of databases searched per review ranged between one and twenty-seven. The proportion of the trials in the four databases were Cochrane Controlled Trials Register= 78.5%, MEDLINE = 68.8%, Embase = 65.0%, and Science/Social Sciences Citation Index = 60.7%. Searching another twenty-six databases after Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (CCTR), MEDLINE, and Embase only found 2.4% additional trials. There was no significant difference between trials found in the CCTR, MEDLINE, and Embase compared with other trials, with respect to adequate allocation concealment or sample size. Conclusions: There was a large variation between reviews in the exhaustiveness of the literature searches. CCTR was the single best source of RCTs. Additional database searching retrieved only a small percentage of extra trials. Contacting authors and manufacturers to find unpublished trials appeared to be a more effective method of obtaining the additional better quality trials.	Databases, Bibliographic; Meta-analysis; Technology assessment, Biomedical
Sampson M.; McGowan J.; Cogo E.; Grimshaw J.; Moher D.; Lefebvre C.	An evidence-based practice guideline for the peer review of electronic search strategies	2009	Journal of Clinical Epidemiology	10.1016/j.jclinepi.2008.10.012	Objective: Complex and highly sensitive electronic literature search strategies are required for systematic reviews; however, no guidelines exist for their peer review. Poor searches may fail to identify existing evidence because of inadequate recall (sensitivity) or increase the resource requirements of reviews as a result of inadequate precision. Our objective was to create an annotated checklist for electronic search strategy peer review. Study Design: A systematic review of the library and information retrieval literature for important elements in electronic search strategies was conducted, along with a survey of individuals experienced in systematic review searching. Results: Six elements with a strong consensus as to their importance in peer review were accurate translation of the research question into search concepts, correct choice of Boolean operators and of line numbers, adequate translation of the search strategy for each database, inclusion of relevant subject headings, and absence of spelling errors. Seven additional elements had partial support and are included in this guideline. Conclusion: This evidence-based guideline facilitates the improvement of search quality through peer review, and thus the improvement in quality of systematic reviews. It is relevant for librarians/information specialists, journal editors, developers of knowledge translation tools, research organizations, and funding bodies. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Evidence-based practice; Information retrieval; Peer review; Practice guideline; Search strategies; Systematic reviews
Diener A.; O'Brien B.; Gafni A.	Health care contingent valuation studies: A review and classification of the literature	1998	Health Economics	10.1002/(SICI)1099-1050(199806)7:4<313::AID-HEC350>3.0.CO;2-B	Purpose: The contingent valuation method (CVM) is a survey-based approach for eliciting consumer's monetary valuations for programme benefits for use in cost-benefit analysis (CBA). We used the conceptual framework of O'Brien and Gafni (1996) to classify and critically appraise health care CVM studies. Methods: Search of computerized health care and economic citation databases (e.g. MEDLINE, ECONLIT) and manual search for papers published between 1984-1996 reporting primary data valuing health programme benefits in monetary units by CVM using willingness-to-pay (WTP) or accept (WTA). We classified studies using both empirical (i.e. who was surveyed and how) and conceptual criteria (i.e. which measure of consumer utility was measured and why). Results: 48 CVM studies were retrieved; the majority (42) undertook money valuation in the context of cost benefit analysis (CBA), with the remainder being pricing/demand studies. Among the 42 CBA studies, the consumer utility being measured (i.e. compensating (CV) vs. equivalent variation (EV) was explicitly stated in only three (7%) studies). WTP was measured in 95% of studies and WTA in 5%. By cross-tabulation, 42 (91%) studies were designed as WTP/CV, two (4%) were WTP/EV, two (4%) were WTA/CV and no studies used WTA/EV. Most studies were administered by mail (52%) with 38% being in-person interviews. Value elicitation techniques included open-ended questions (38%), payment cards (19%) discrete choice questions (26%) or bidding games (29%). Some form of construct validation tests, particularly associations between WTP and income, were done in 21 studies (50%). Conclusions: (i) The number of health care CVM studies is growing rapidly and the majority are done in the context of CBA; (ii) there is wide variation among health care CVM studies in terms of the types of questions being posed and the elicitation formats being used; (iii) classification and appraisal of the literature is difficult because reporting of methods and their relationship with the conceptual framework of CBA is poor; (iii) the applicability to health care of the CVM guidelines issued by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) panel for environmental economics is unclear.	Contingent valuation method; Cost-benefit analysis; Health care
Wenneras C.; Wold A.	Nepotism and sexism in peer-review	1997	Nature	10.1038/387341a0	[No abstract available]	N/A
Kostoff R.N.; Schaller R.R.	Science and technology roadmaps	2001	IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management	10.1109/17.922473	Science and technology (S&T) roadmaps are used in industry, government, and academia to portray the structural relationships among science, technology, and applications. Roadmaps are employed as decision aids to improve coordination of activities and resources in increasingly complex and uncertain environments. Specific uses of roadmaps include: S&T management including strategy, planning, executing, reviewing, and transitioning; S&T marketing; enhancing communications among researchers, technologists, product managers, suppliers, users, and other stakeholders; identifying gaps and opportunities in S&T programs; and identifying obstacles to rapid and low-cost product development. S&T managers also use roadmaps to help identify those S&T areas that have high potential promise, and to accelerate the transfer of the S&T to eventual products. However, there has been little attention paid to the practice of roadmapping in the published literature. This paper is a first attempt to bring some common definition to roadmapping practices and display the underlying unity of seemingly fragmented roadmap approaches. The paper begins with generic roadmap definitions, including a taxonomy of roadmaps that attempts to better classify and unify the broad spectrum of roadmap objectives and uses. Characteristics of retrospective and prospective roadmaps are then identified and analyzed, as well as summary characteristics of bibliometric-based S&T mapping techniques. The roadmap construction process, including fundamental principles for constructing high-quality roadmaps, is presented in detail.	Bibliometrics; Citation; Co-citation; Co-occurrence; Co-word; Decision aids; Patent citation; Retrospective analyses; Roadmapping; Roadmaps; Science and technology; Technology insertion; Technology strategy; Technology transfer
Acar E.; Dunlavy D.M.; Kolda T.G.; Mørup M.	Scalable tensor factorizations for incomplete data	2011	Chemometrics and Intelligent Laboratory Systems	10.1016/j.chemolab.2010.08.004	The problem of incomplete data - i.e., data with missing or unknown values - in multi-way arrays is ubiquitous in biomedical signal processing, network traffic analysis, bibliometrics, social network analysis, chemometrics, computer vision, communication networks, etc. We consider the problem of how to factorize data sets with missing values with the goal of capturing the underlying latent structure of the data and possibly reconstructing missing values (i.e., tensor completion). We focus on one of the most well-known tensor factorizations that captures multi-linear structure, CANDECOMP/PARAFAC (CP). In the presence of missing data, CP can be formulated as a weighted least squares problem that models only the known entries. We develop an algorithm called CP-WOPT (CP Weighted OPTimization) that uses a first-order optimization approach to solve the weighted least squares problem. Based on extensive numerical experiments, our algorithm is shown to successfully factorize tensors with noise and up to 99% missing data. A unique aspect of our approach is that it scales to sparse large-scale data, e.g., 1000 × 1000 × 1000 with five million known entries (0.5% dense). We further demonstrate the usefulness of CP-WOPT on two real-world applications: a novel EEG (electroencephalogram) application where missing data is frequently encountered due to disconnections of electrodes and the problem of modeling computer network traffic where data may be absent due to the expense of the data collection process. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.	CANDECOMP; Incomplete data; Missing data; Optimization; PARAFAC; Tensor factorization
Homrich A.S.; Galvão G.; Abadia L.G.; Carvalho M.M.	The circular economy umbrella: Trends and gaps on integrating pathways	2018	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2017.11.064	Among scholars, politicians and practitioners, the term “circular economy” (CE) has become increasingly familiar, but the concept comes from different epistemological fields and there is still a lack of consensus and convergence in the literature. This paper investigates the trends and gaps on the pathways convergence of the circular economy literature. The research method is a combination of semantic analysis, bibliometrics, networks and content analysis in a systematic literature review. The sample is composed of 327 articles extracted from the Web of Science and Scopus database. The results point out the lack of consensus on terminologies and definitions, thus, based on semantic analysis, a definition is proposed. In addition, the literature shows two main clusters, with different backgrounds, of different leading research groups in distinctive geographic regions. One cluster focuses on ecoparks and industrial symbiosis, mostly in the context of China. The second cluster is concerned with supply chains, material closed loops and business models. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric study; Circular economy; Factor analysis; Publications; Qualitative content analysis; Research; Semantic analysis; Social networks
Carpenter C.R.; Cone D.C.; Sarli C.C.	Using publication metrics to highlight academic productivity and research impact	2014	Academic Emergency Medicine	10.1111/acem.12482	This article provides a broad overview of widely available measures of academic productivity and impact using publication data and highlights uses of these metrics for various purposes. Metrics based on publication data include measures such as number of publications, number of citations, the journal impact factor score, and the h-index, as well as emerging metrics based on document-level metrics. Publication metrics can be used for a variety of purposes for tenure and promotion, grant applications and renewal reports, benchmarking, recruiting efforts, and administrative purposes for departmental or university performance reports. The authors also highlight practical applications of measuring and reporting academic productivity and impact to emphasize and promote individual investigators, grant applications, or department output. © 2014 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.	N/A
Hutchins B.I.; Yuan X.; Anderson J.M.; Santangelo G.M.	Relative Citation Ratio (RCR): A New Metric That Uses Citation Rates to Measure Influence at the Article Level	2016	PLoS Biology	10.1371/journal.pbio.1002541	Despite their recognized limitations, bibliometric assessments of scientific productivity have been widely adopted. We describe here an improved method to quantify the influence of a research article by making novel use of its co-citation network to field-normalize the number of citations it has received. Article citation rates are divided by an expected citation rate that is derived from performance of articles in the same field and benchmarked to a peer comparison group. The resulting Relative Citation Ratio is article level and field independent and provides an alternative to the invalid practice of using journal impact factors to identify influential papers. To illustrate one application of our method, we analyzed 88,835 articles published between 2003 and 2010 and found that the National Institutes of Health awardees who authored those papers occupy relatively stable positions of influence across all disciplines. We demonstrate that the values generated by this method strongly correlate with the opinions of subject matter experts in biomedical research and suggest that the same approach should be generally applicable to articles published in all areas of science. A beta version of iCite, our web tool for calculating Relative Citation Ratios of articles listed in PubMed, is available at https://icite.od.nih.gov. © 2016 Public Library of Science. All rights reserved.	N/A
Bruce Newbold K.	Self-rated health within the Canadian immigrant population: Risk and the healthy immigrant effect	2005	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/j.socscimed.2004.06.048	Set within the determinants of health framework and drawing upon Statistics Canada's longitudinal National Population Health Survey, this paper explores the self-assessed health of Canada's immigrant population. Using both descriptive and multivariate techniques, including logistic regression and survival analysis, the intent is to identify differences in self-assessed health between the immigrant and native-born populations, the factors that contribute to immigrant self-assessed health, and the factors associated with declining self-assessed health status. In each case, the key questions are whether differences in health status exist between the native- and foreign-born. Results indicate mixed support for the Healthy Immigrant Effect, with the native- and foreign-born neither more nor less likely to rank their health as fair or poor. However, results from the proportional hazards model indicated that the native-born were at lower risk to transition to poor health. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Canada; Immigrant health; Self-assessed health
Ferreira J.J.M.; Fernandes C.I.; Kraus S.	Entrepreneurship research: mapping intellectual structures and research trends	2019	Review of Managerial Science	10.1007/s11846-017-0242-3	Using bibliometric techniques to identify connections between existing entrepreneurship studies, this article seeks to understand the scientific structure of entrepreneurship research and how entrepreneurship scholarship is organized. Co-citation data and quantitative approach were used to identify scientific publications, intellectual structures, and research trends interrelated with theories of innovative entrepreneurship. Data were gathered from the citations and co-citations found in the Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Science Citation Index, and Arts and Humanities Citation Index. Our research reveals six groups of underlying entrepreneurship theories: (1) knowledge spillover theory of entrepreneurship, (2) creation and networks theory, (3) decision-making theory, (4) specialization of labor, (5) social entrepreneurship theory, and (6) entrepreneurship in the informal economy. © 2017, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.	Article impact; Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Cluster analysis; Co-citations; Entrepreneurship theories; Multi-dimensional scaling analysis
Thelwall M.	Bibliometrics to webometrics	2008	Journal of Information Science	10.1177/0165551507087238	Bibliometrics has changed out of all recognition since 1958; becoming established as a field, being taught widely in library and information science schools, and being at the core of a number of science evaluation research groups around the world. This was all made possible by the work of Eugene Garfield and his Science Citation Index. This article reviews the distance that bibliometrics has travelled since 1958 by comparing early bibliometrics with current practice, and by giving an overview of a range of recent developments, such as patent analysis, national research evaluation exercises, visualization techniques, new applications, online citation indexes, and the creation of digital libraries. Webometrics, a modern, fast-growing offshoot of bibliometrics, is reviewed in detail. Finally, future prospects are discussed with regard to both bibliometrics and webometrics. © CILIP.	Bibliometrics; Scholarly publishing; Webometrics
Wilhite A.W.; Fong E.A.	Coercive citation in academic publishing	2012	Science	10.1126/science.1212540	Many journal editors appear to strategically target authors and papers to pressure them into citing the editors' journals.	N/A
van Nunen K.; Li J.; Reniers G.; Ponnet K.	Bibliometric analysis of safety culture research	2018	Safety Science	10.1016/j.ssci.2017.08.011	The concept of safety culture is characterised by complexity. On the one hand, the concept is challenging content-wise, and on the other hand, is it a multi-dimensional and cross-disciplinary research domain. In this paper, bibliometric analysis has been applied to the field of safety culture to identify fundamental influences and to obtain a structured overview of the characteristics and the developments in this research domain. In total, 1789 publications published between 1900 and 2015 related to safety culture were identified in Web of Science. The 1789 publications cover 4591 authors, 775 journals, 76 countries or territories, and 1866 institutions. Two main research areas can be distinguished in the domain of safety culture: (1) organisational safety culture and (2) health-care and patient safety culture. The latter research area stands in a dominant position in safety culture research nowadays. Key publications are from Guldenmund (2000) and Sexton et al. (2006). Furthermore, ‘Safety Science’ is the key journal publishing on safety culture research, and the USA, England and China are the countries that dominate the publication production. It can be concluded that there is much collaborative research in the safety culture domain as multi-authored publications make up about three quarters of all publications. Also, safety culture research is characterised by a wide variety of research themes and multidisciplinarity. Geographical inequality in the publication output is identified as a point of concern. A movement away from technical aspects towards more human aspects could be detected as a noteworthy change in research focus. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Health-care safety; Organisational safety; Patient safety; Safety culture; Scientific knowledge
Mi X.; Tang M.; Liao H.; Shen W.; Lev B.	The state-of-the-art survey on integrations and applications of the best worst method in decision making: Why, what, what for and what's next?	2019	Omega (United Kingdom)	10.1016/j.omega.2019.01.009	After the first paper regarding the Best Worst Method (BWM) was published in Omega in 2015 (J. Rezaei, Best-worst multi-criteria decision-making method, Omega 53 (2015) 49–57), it has attracted many scholars’ attention due to the efficiency of this method in reducing the times of pairwise comparisons and the good performance in maintaining consistency between judgments. Lots of researches related to this method have been published over the past several years. This paper concentrates on the state-of-the-art survey of the BWM based on the in-depth analysis over the publications concerning this method published from 2015 to 26th, January 2019. This paper intends to answer five questions about the BWM: (1) How does this method perform in bibliometric analysis? (2) Why to propose this method and what is it? (3) Which integrations that the BWM were focused on and which areas did they apply to? (4) What extensions of this method were investigated? (5) What are the challenges and future research directions regarding this method? In view of the fact that the research on this method is still in infancy, this paper has guiding significance for the later research related to the BWM. From the theoretical point of view, the reasonable value of consistency ratio, the inconsistency improving methods, the uncertain extensions of the BWM and the techniques for solving multi-optimality model in the BWM are good research issues that need to be further investigated in the future. From the perspective of application, the software packages for this method, the various integrations of this method, the wider application areas, and the international cooperation on this method are good topics to consider. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	Best worst method; Bibliometric analysis; Consistency; Multiple criteria decision making; Pairwise comparisons; Survey
Björneborn L.; Ingwersen P.	Toward a basic framework for webometrics	2004	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.20077	In this article, we define webometrics within the frame-work of informetric studies and bibliometrics, as belonging to library and information science, and as associated with cybermetrics as a generic subfield. We develop a consistent and detailed link typology and terminology and make explicit the distinction among different Web node levels when using the proposed conceptual frame-work. As a consequence, we propose a novel diagram notation to fully appreciate and investigate link structures between Web nodes in webometric analyses. We warn against taking the analogy between citation analyses and link analyses too far.	N/A
Narin F.	Patent bibliometrics	1994	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02017219	"In our 1975 monograph ""Evaluative Bibliometrics"" we discussed the many uses of publication and citation analysis in the evaluation of scientific activities, and some of the basic statistical properties of the scientific literature, particularly the skewness of the distributions of publications and citations, reference time distributions, and various anomalies in the citation patterns from one country to another. Over the last ten years we have devoted much of our energy to the development of an analogous research base and infrastructure for patent bibliometrics, that is for the use of patents, and patent citations in the evaluation of technological activities. There are remarkable similarities between literature bibliometrics and patent bibliometrics, and they are both applicable to the same wide ranges of problems. This paper will show that there are striking similarities between literature and patent distributions of national productivity, inventor productivity, referencing cycles, citation impact and within country citation preferences. © 1994 Akadémiai Kiadó."	N/A
He Q.; Pei J.; Kifer D.; Mitra P.; Giles L.	Context-aware citation recommendation	2010	Proceedings of the 19th International Conference on World Wide Web, WWW '10	10.1145/1772690.1772734	When you write papers, how many times do you want to make some citations at a place but you are not sure which papers to cite? Do you wish to have a recommendation system which can recommend a small number of good candidates for every place that you want to make some citations? In this paper, we present our initiative of building a context-aware citation recommendation system. High quality citation recommendation is challenging: not only should the citations recommended be relevant to the paper under composition, but also should match the local contexts of the places citations are made. Moreover, it is far from trivial to model how the topic of the whole paper and the contexts of the citation places should affect the selection and ranking of citations. To tackle the problem, we develop a context-aware approach. The core idea is to design a novel non-parametric probabilistic model which can measure the context-based relevance between a citation context and a document. Our approach can recommend citations for a context effectively. Moreover, it can recommend a set of citations for a paper with high quality. We implement a prototype system in CiteSeerX. An extensive empirical evaluation in the CiteSeerX digital library against many baselines demonstrates the effectiveness and the scalability of our approach. © 2010 International World Wide Web Conference Committee (IW3C2).	bibliometrics; context; gleason's theorem; recommender systems
Von Wartburg I.; Teichert T.; Rost K.	Inventive progress measured by multi-stage patent citation analysis	2005	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2005.08.001	"Studies of technological change constitute a field of growing importance and sophistication. In this paper we contribute to the discussion with a methodological reflection and application of multi-stage patent citation analysis for the measurement of inventive progress. Investigating specific patterns of patent citation data, we conclude that single-stage citation analysis cannot reveal technological paths or lineages. Therefore, one should also make use of indirect citations and bibliographical coupling. To measure aspects of cumulative inventive progress, we develop a ""shared specialization measure"" of patent families. We relate this measure to an expert rating of the technological value added in the field of variable valve actuation for internal combustion engines. In sum, the study presents promising evidence for multi-stage patent citation analysis in order to explain aspects of technological change. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Patents; Social network analysis; Technological change
Garrido-Cardenas J.A.; Esteban-García B.; Agüera A.; Sánchez-Pérez J.A.; Manzano-Agugliaro F.	Wastewater treatment by advanced oxidation process and their worldwide research trends	2020	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph17010170	Background: Water is a scarce resource and is considered a fundamental pillar of sustainable development. The modern development of society requires more and more drinking water. For this cleaner wastewater, treatments are key factors. Among those that exist, advanced oxidation processes are being researched as one of the sustainable solutions. The main objective of this manuscript is to show the scientific advances in this field. Methods: In this paper, a systematic analysis of all the existing scientific works was carried out to verify the evolution of this line of research. Results: It was observed that the three main countries researching this field are China, Spain, and the USA. Regarding the scientific collaboration between countries, three clusters were detected—one of Spain, one of China and the USA, and one of Italy and France. The publications are grouped around three types of water: industrial, urban, and drinking. Regarding the research, 15 clusters identified from the keywords analyzed the advanced oxidation process (alone or combined with biological oxidation) with the type of wastewater and the target pollutant, removal of which is intended. Finally, the most important scientific communities or clusters detected in terms of the number of published articles were those related to the elimination of pollutants of biological origin, such as bacteria, and of industrial nature, such as pesticides or pharmaceutical products. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	Advanced oxidation process; Concern emergent contaminant; Microorganisms; Reclaimed water; Worldwide
Lu W.; Yuan H.	A framework for understanding waste management studies in construction	2011	Waste Management	10.1016/j.wasman.2011.01.018	During the past decades, construction and demolition (C&D) waste issues have received increasing attention from both practitioners and researchers around the world. A plethora of research relating to C&D waste management (WM) has been published in scholarly journals. However, a comprehensive understanding of the C&D WM research is somehow absent in spite of its proliferation. The aim of this paper is to develop a framework that helps readers understand the C&D WM research as archived in selected journals. Papers under the topic of C&D WM are retrieved based on a set of rigorous procedures. The information of these papers is then analyzed with the assistance of the Qualitative Social Research (QSR) software package NVivo. A framework for understanding C&D WM research is created based on the analytic results. By following the framework, a bibliometric analysis of research in C&D WM is presented, followed by an in-depth literature analysis. It is found that C&D generation, reduction, and recycling are the three major topics in the discipline of C&D WM. Future research is recommended to (a) investigate C&D waste issues in wider scopes including design, maintenance and demolition, (b) develop a unified measurement for waste generation so that WM performance can be compared across various economies, and (c) enhance effectiveness of WM approaches (e.g. waste charging scheme) based on new WM concepts (e.g. Extended Producer Responsibility). In addition to the above research findings, the approach for producing the research framework can be useful references for other studies which attempt to understand the research of a given discipline. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.	N/A
Patriarca R.; Bergström J.; Di Gravio G.; Costantino F.	Resilience engineering: Current status of the research and future challenges	2018	Safety Science	10.1016/j.ssci.2017.10.005	This paper offers an extensive literature review on the field of Resilience Engineering (RE), encompassing 472 contributions, including journal articles, conference proceedings and book chapters. Adopting the numbers of co-citations as a metric of conceptual proximity, this paper details the application of Factor Analysis and Multi-Dimensional Scaling, as groundbreaking means to extract relevant research factors. A temporal analysis in a multi-variate two-dimensional space confirms the significance and relevance of the identified research factors. An in-depth analysis of the five research factors, labeled as the need of RE, RE for modelling, defining and exploring RE, reflecting on RE, RE and improvisation, guides the definition of future research paths and open research questions within the field and across several domains, suggesting the need for multi-disciplinary future studies. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Factor analysis; Meta-review; Resilience; Resilience engineering
Arunachalam D.; Kumar N.; Kawalek J.P.	Understanding big data analytics capabilities in supply chain management: Unravelling the issues, challenges and implications for practice	2018	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	10.1016/j.tre.2017.04.001	In the era of Big Data, many organisations have successfully leveraged Big Data Analytics (BDA) capabilities to improve their performance. However, past literature on BDA have put limited focus on understanding the capabilities required to extract value from big data. In this context, this paper aims to provide a systematic literature review of BDA capabilities in supply chain and develop the capabilities maturity model. The paper presents the bibliometric and thematic analysis of research papers from 2008 to 2016. This paper contributes in theorizing BDA capabilities in context of supply chain, and provides future direction of research in this field. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Big data analytics; Capabilities; Maturity model; Supply chain management
Garfield E.	From the science of science to Scientometrics visualizing the history of science with HistCite software	2009	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2009.03.009	"While ISSI was founded in 1993, Scientometrics and Bibliometrics are now at least half a century old. Indeed, the field can be traced to early quantitative studies in the early 20th century. In the 1930s, it evolved to the ""science of science."" The publication of J.D. Bernal's Social Function of Science in 1939 was a key transition point but the field lay dormant until after World War II, when D.J.D. Price's books Science Since Babylon and Little Science, Big Science were published in 1961 and 1963. His role as the ""Father of Scientometrics"" is clearly evident by using the HistCite software to visualize his impact as well as the subsequent impact of the journal Scientometrics on the growth of the field. Scientometrics owes its name to V.V. Nalimov, the author of Naukometriya, and to Tibor Braun who adapted the neologism for the journal. The primordial paper on citation indexing by Garfield which appeared in Science 1955 became a bridge between Bernal and Price. The timeline for the evolution of Scientometrics is demonstrated by a HistCite tabulation of the ranked citation index of the 100,000 references cited in the 3000 papers citing Price. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd."	Algorithmic; Bibliometrics; Derek J.D. Price; Etymology of Scientometrics; HistCite; Historiography; History of Scientometrics; J.D. Bernal; Science of science; V.V. Nalimov
Ding W.W.; Murray F.; Stuart T.E.	Gender differences in patenting in the academic life sciences	2006	Science	10.1126/science.1124832	We analyzed longitudinal data on academic careers and conducted interviews with faculty members to determine the scope and causes of the gender gap in patenting among life scientists. Our regressions on a random sample of 4227 life scientists over a 30-year period show that women faculty members patent at about 40% of the rate of men. We found that the gender gap has improved over time but remains large.	N/A
Bergstrom C.T.; West J.D.; Wiseman M.A.	The Eigenfactor™ metrics	2008	Journal of Neuroscience	10.1523/JNEUROSCI.0003-08.2008	[No abstract available]	N/A
Noyons E.C.M.; Moed H.F.; Luwel M.	Combining mapping and citation analysis for evaluative bibliometric purposes: A bibliometric study	1999	Journal of the American Society for Information Science	10.1002/(SICI)1097-4571(1999)50:2<115::AID-ASI3>3.0.CO;2-J	The general aim of the article is to demonstrate how the results both of a structural analysis, and of a research performance assessment of a research field, can be enriched by combining elements of both into one integrated analysis. In addition, a procedure is discussed to select and analyse candidate benchmark institutes to assess the position of a particular research institute, in terms of both its cognitive orientation and its scientific production and impact at the international research front. The combined method is applied in an evaluation of the research scope and performance of the Inter-university Centre for Micro-Electronics (IMEC) in Leuven, Belgium. On the basis of the comments of an international panel of experts in micro-electronics, the method was discussed in detail. We concluded that the method provides a detailed and useful picture of the position of the institute from an international perspective. Moreover, we found that the results of each of the two parts are an added value to the other. © 1999 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.	N/A
Abramo G.; D'Angelo C.A.; Di Costa F.	Research collaboration and productivity: Is there correlation?	2009	Higher Education	10.1007/s10734-008-9139-z	The incidence of extramural collaboration in academic research activities is increasing as a result of various factors. These factors include policy measures aimed at fostering partnership and networking among the various components of the research system, policies which are in turn justified by the idea that knowledge sharing could increase the effectiveness of the system. Over the last two decades, the scientific community has also stepped up activities to assess the actual impact of collaboration intensity on the performance of research systems. This study draws on a number of empirical analyses, with the intention of measuring the effects of extramural collaboration on research performance and, indirectly, verifying the legitimacy of policies that support this type of collaboration. The analysis focuses on the Italian academic research system. The aim of the work is to assess the level of correlation, at institutional level, between scientific productivity and collaboration intensity as a whole, both internationally and with private organizations. This will be carried out using a bibliometric type of approach, which equates collaboration with the co-authorship of scientific publications. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Bibliometrics; Productivity; Research collaboration; Universities
Harter S.P.	Psychological relevance and information science	1992	Journal of the American Society for Information Science	10.1002/(SICI)1097-4571(199210)43:9<602::AID-ASI3>3.0.CO;2-Q	This article summarizes the theory of psychological relevance proposed by Dan Sperber and Deirdre Wilson (1986), to explicate the relevance of speech utterances to hearers in everyday conversation. The theory is then interpreted as the concept of relevance in information retrieval, and an extended example is presented. Implications of psychological relevance for research in information retrieval; evaluation of information retrieval systems; and the concepts of information, information need, and the information‐seeking process are explored. Connections of the theory to ideas in bibliometrics are also suggested. © 1992 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. Copyright © 1992 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.	N/A
Ke Q.; Ferrara E.; Radicchi F.; Flammini A.	Defining and identifying Sleeping Beauties in science	2015	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.1424329112	A Sleeping Beauty (SB) in science refers to a paper whose importance is not recognized for several years after publication. Its citation history exhibits a long hibernation period followed by a sudden spike of popularity. Previous studies suggest a relative scarcity of SBs. The reliability of this conclusion is, however, heavily dependent on identification methods based on arbitrary threshold parameters for sleeping time and number of citations, applied to small or monodisciplinary bibliographic datasets. Here we present a systematic, large-scale, and multidisciplinary analysis of the SB phenomenon in science. We introduce a parameter-free measure that quantifies the extent to which a specific paper can be considered an SB. We apply our method to 22 million scientific papers published in all disciplines of natural and social sciences over a time span longer than a century. Our results reveal that the SB phenomenon is not exceptional. There is a continuous spectrum of delayed recognition where both the hibernation period and the awakening intensity are taken into account. Although many cases of SBs can be identified by looking at monodisciplinary bibliographic data, the SB phenomenon becomes much more apparent with the analysis of multidisciplinary datasets, where we can observe many examples of papers achieving delayed yet exceptional importance in disciplines different from those where they were originally published. Our analysis emphasizes a complex feature of citation dynamics that so far has received little attention, and also provides empirical evidence against the use of short-term citation metrics in the quantification of scientific impact. © 2015, National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Delayed recognition; Sleeping Beauty
Laengle S.; Merigó J.M.; Miranda J.; Słowiński R.; Bomze I.; Borgonovo E.; Dyson R.G.; Oliveira J.F.; Teunter R.	Forty years of the European Journal of Operational Research: A bibliometric overview	2017	European Journal of Operational Research	10.1016/j.ejor.2017.04.027	The European Journal of Operational Research (EJOR) published its first issue in 1977. This paper presents a general overview of the journal over its lifetime by using bibliometric indicators. We discuss its performance compared to other journals in the field and identify key contributing countries/institutions/authors as well as trends in research topics based on the Web of Science Core Collection database. The results indicate that EJOR is one of the leading journals in the area of operational research (OR) and management science (MS), with a wide range of authors from institutions and countries from all over the world publishing in it. Graphical visualization of similarities (VOS) provides further insights into how EJOR links to other journals and how it links researchers across the globe. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Management Science; Operational research; Web of Science
Politi M.C.; Han P.K.J.; Col N.F.	Communicating the uncertainty of harms and benefits of medical interventions	2007	Medical Decision Making	10.1177/0272989X07307270	Background. There is growing interest in shared medical decision making among patients, physicians, and policy makers. This requires patients to interpret increasing amounts of medical information, much of which is uncertain. Little is known about the optimal approaches to or outcomes of communicating uncertainty about the risks and benefits of treatments. Methods. The authors reviewed the literature on various issues related to uncertainty in decision making: conceptualizing uncertainty, identifying its potential sources, assessing uncertainty, potential methods of communicating uncertainty, potential outcomes of communicating uncertainty, and current practices and recommendations by expert groups on communicating uncertainty. Results. There are multiple sources of uncertainty in most medical decisions. There are conceptual differences in how researchers define uncertainty and its sources, as well as in its measurement. The few studies that have assessed alternate means of communicating uncertainty dealt mostly with presenting uncertainty about probabilities. Both patients' and physicians' interpretation of and responses to uncertainty may depend on their personal characteristics and values and may be affected by the manner in which uncertainty is communicated. Conclusions. Research has not yet identified best practices for communicating uncertainty to patients about harms and benefits of treatment. More conceptual, qualitative, and quantitative studies are needed to explore fundamental questions about how people process, interpret, and respond to various types of uncertainty inherent in clinical decisions.	Decision making; Risk communication; Uncertainty
Carvalho M.M.; Fleury A.; Lopes A.P.	An overview of the literature on technology roadmapping (TRM): Contributions and trends	2013	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2012.11.008	"In recent years, technological advances have motivated industries, companies and even governments to look for an improved alignment between strategic objectives and technology management, preferably through the application of structured and flexible approaches that use techniques such as technology roadmapping. This paper presents the outcomes of a systematic review of the literature relating to technology roadmapping that was published between 1997 and 2011. A hybrid methodological approach that combines bibliometrics, content analysis and semantic analysis was applied. The results show that the main academic journals that discuss this theme are ""Technology Forecasting and Social Change"" and ""Research-Technology Management"". Although the first paper relating to this theme was published in 1997, the number of publications on the subject only began to increase substantially in 2004. Most of the studies reviewed in this paper applied qualitative research methods, indicating that most of the research on the theme is still in an exploratory phase. The interface between roadmapping and other initiatives considered vital to innovation, including knowledge management, communication skills and strategic resources and competencies, are also poorly addressed in the reviewed literature. © 2012 Elsevier Inc."	Bibliometric study; Roadmap; Roadmapping; Technology roadmapping
Shibata N.; Kajikawa Y.; Takeda Y.; Matsushima K.	Detecting emerging research fronts based on topological measures in citation networks of scientific publications	2008	Technovation	10.1016/j.technovation.2008.03.009	In this paper, we performed a comparative study in two research domains in order to develop a method of detecting emerging knowledge domains. The selected domains are research on gallium nitride (GaN) and research on complex networks, which represent recent examples of innovative research. We divided citation networks into clusters using the topological clustering method, tracked the positions of papers in each cluster, and visualized citation networks with characteristic terms for each cluster. Analyzing the clustering results with the average age and parent-children relationship of each cluster may be helpful in detecting emergence. In addition, topological measures, within-cluster degree z and participation coefficient P, succeeded in determining whether there are emerging knowledge clusters. There were at least two types of development of knowledge domains. One is incremental innovation as in GaN and the other is branching innovation as in complex networks. In the domains where incremental innovation occurs, papers changed their position to large z and large P. On the other hand, in the case of branching innovation, they moved to a position with large z and small P, because there is a new emerging cluster, and active research centers shift rapidly. Our results showed that topological measures are beneficial in detecting branching innovation in the citation network of scientific publications. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Citation network; R&D management; Research front; Topological clustering
Bar-Ilan J.	Informetrics at the beginning of the 21st century-A review	2008	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2007.11.001	This paper reviews developments in informetrics between 2000 and 2006. At the beginning of the 21st century we witness considerable growth in webometrics, mapping and visualization and open access. A new topic is comparison between citation databases, as a result of the introduction of two new citation databases Scopus and Google Scholar. There is renewed interest in indicators as a result of the introduction of the h-index. Traditional topics like citation analysis and informetric theory also continue to develop. The impact factor debate, especially outside the informetric literature continues to thrive. Ranked lists (of journal, highly cited papers or of educational institutions) are of great public interest. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Informetrics; Scientometrics; Webometrics
Ross J.S.; Mulvey G.K.; Hines E.M.; Nissen S.E.; Krumholz H.M.	Trial publication after registration in ClinicalTrials.gov: A cross-sectional analysis	2009	PLoS Medicine	10.1371/journal.pmed.1000144	Background: ClinicalTrials.gov is a publicly accessible, Internet-based registry of clinical trials managed by the US National Library of Medicine that has the potential to address selective trial publication. Our objectives were to examine completeness of registration within ClinicalTrials.gov and to determine the extent and correlates of selective publication. Methods and Findings: We examined reporting of registration information among a cross-section of trials that had been registered at ClinicalTrials.gov after December 31, 1999 and updated as having been completed by June 8, 2007, excluding phase I trials. We then determined publication status among a random 10% subsample by searching MEDLINE using a systematic protocol, after excluding trials completed after December 31, 2005 to allow at least 2 y for publication following completion. Among the full sample of completed trials (n=7,515), nearly 100% reported all data elements mandated by ClinicalTrials.gov, such as intervention and sponsorship. Optional data element reporting varied, with 53% reporting trial end date, 66% reporting primary outcome, and 87% reporting trial start date. Among the 10% subsample, less than half (311 of 677, 46%) of trials were published, among which 96 (31%) provided a citation within ClinicalTrials.gov of a publication describing trial results. Trials primarily sponsored by industry (40%, 144 of 357) were less likely to be published when compared with nonindustry/nongovernment sponsored trials (56%, 110 of 198; p<0.001), but there was no significant difference when compared with government sponsored trials (47%, 57 of 122; p = 0.22). Among trials that reported an end date, 75 of 123 (61%) completed prior to 2004, 50 of 96 (52%) completed during 2004, and 62 of 149 (42%) completed during 2005 were published (p = 0.006). Conclusions: Reporting of optional data elements varied and publication rates among completed trials registered within ClinicalTrials.gov were low. Without greater attention to reporting of all data elements, the potential for ClinicalTrials.gov to address selective publication of clinical trials will be limited.	N/A
Chen Y.-C.; Yeh H.-Y.; Wu J.-C.; Haschler I.; Chen T.-J.; Wetter T.	Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database: Administrative health care database as study object in bibliometrics	2011	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-010-0289-2	The trend to use administrative health care databases as research material is increasing but not well explored. Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD), one of the largest administrative health care databases around the world, has been used widely in academic studies. This study analyzed 383 NHIRD studies published between 2000 and 2009 to quantify the effects on overall growth, scholar response, and spread of the study fields. The NHIRD studies expanded rapidly in both quantity and quality since the first study was published in 2000. Researchers usually collaborated to share knowledge, which was crucial to process the NHIRD data. However, once the fundamental problem had been overcome, success to get published became more reproducible. NHIRD studies were also published diversely in a growing number of journals. Both general health and clinical science studies benefited from NHIRD. In conclusion, this new research material widely promotes scientific production in a greater magnitude. The experience of Taiwan's NHIRD should encourage national- or institutional-level data holders to consider re-using their administrative databases for academic purposes. © 2010 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Administrative health care database; Bibliometric analysis; Knowledge growth; National Health Insurance Research Database
Santos D.M.F.; Sequeira C.A.C.	Sodium borohydride as a fuel for the future	2011	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2011.07.018	In a time of unprecedented change in environmental, geopolitical and socio-economic world affairs, the search for new energy materials has become a topic of great relevance. Sodium borohydride, NaBH4, seems to be a promising fuel in the context of the future hydrogen economy. NaBH4 belongs to a class of materials with the highest gravimetric hydrogen densities, which has been discovered in the 1940s by Schlesinger and Brown. In the present paper, the most relevant issues concerning the use of NaBH4 are examined. Its basic properties are summarised and its synthesis methods are described. The general processes of NaBH4 oxidation, hydrolysis, and monitoring are reviewed. A comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the NaBH 4 publications in the energy field opens the discussion for current perspectives and future outlook of NaBH4 as an efficient energy/hydrogen carrier. Despite the observed exponential increase in the research on NaBH4 it is clear that further efforts are still necessary for achieving significant overchanges. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Direct borohydride fuel cells; Electrosynthesis; Hydrolysis; Monitoring; Oxidation; Sodium borohydride
Roldan-Valadez E.; Salazar-Ruiz S.Y.; Ibarra-Contreras R.; Rios C.	Current concepts on bibliometrics: a brief review about impact factor, Eigenfactor score, CiteScore, SCImago Journal Rank, Source-Normalised Impact per Paper, H-index, and alternative metrics	2019	Irish Journal of Medical Science	10.1007/s11845-018-1936-5	Background: Understanding the impact of a publication by using bibliometric indices becomes an essential activity not only for universities and research institutes but also for individual academicians. This paper aims to provide a brief review of the current bibliometric tools used by authors and editors and proposes an algorithm to assess the relevance of the most common bibliometric tools to help the researchers select the fittest journal and know the trends of published submissions by using self-evaluation. Methods: We present a narrative review answering at least two related consecutive questions triggered by the topics mentioned above. How prestigious is a journal based on its most recent bibliometrics, so authors may choose it to submit their next manuscript? And, how can they self-evaluate/understand the impact of their whole publishing scientific life? Results: We presented the main relevant definitions of each bibliometrics and grouped them in those oriented to evaluated journals or individuals. Also, we share with our readers our algorithm to assess journals before manuscript submission. Conclusions: Since there is a journal performance market and an article performance market, each one with its patterns, an integrative use of these metrics, rather than just the impact factor alone, might represent the fairest and most legitimate approach to assess the influence and importance of an acceptable research issue, and not only a sound journal in their respective disciplines. © 2018, Royal Academy of Medicine in Ireland.	Algorithms; Bibliometrics; Citation; Journal impact factor; Self-evaluation
Zhang P.; Yan F.; Du C.	A comprehensive analysis of energy management strategies for hybrid electric vehicles based on bibliometrics	2015	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2015.03.093	Hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) are one of the most viable technologies to achieve the goals of energy saving and environmental protection before a breakthrough in battery technology and fuel cell technology. Energy management strategy as a key technology of HEVs is studied extensively and deeply to improve the performance of HEVs and speed up the industrialization of HEVs. This paper quantitatively analyzes and evaluates current research status of energy management strategies for HEVs based on bibliometrics for the first time, through content analysis involving analysis of author keywords and abstracts. Then qualitative analysis is performed for all kinds of energy management strategies that are used in HEVs in detail, essential characteristics involving pros and cons, interconnections and improvement potential among various energy management strategies are revealed from the view of control theory. Finally, latest developing trends in energy management strategies of HEVs are presented to improve the performance of HEVs based on above quantitative analysis and qualitative analysis, covering driving cycle recognition/prediction algorithms, integrated multi-objective, coordinated optimization energy management strategies, good balance between computation complexity and optimization performance of energy management strategies, fair and credible evaluation system of energy management strategies. This paper not only first provides a comprehensive analysis of energy management strategies for HEVs, but also puts forward the emphasis and orientation of future study, which will broaden relevant researchers' vision and promote the development of a simple and practical energy management controller with low cost and high performance for HEVs. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Energy management strategy; Hybrid electric vehicles; Optimization-based energy management; Rule-based energy management strategy; strategy
Kraus S.; Durst S.; Ferreira J.J.; Veiga P.; Kailer N.; Weinmann A.	Digital transformation in business and management research: An overview of the current status quo	2022	International Journal of Information Management	10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2021.102466	It is no surprise that research on digital transformation (DT) has raised vast interest among academics in recent decades. Countries, cities, industries, companies, and people all face the same challenge of adapting to a digital world. The aim of the paper is twofold. First, map the thematic evolution of the DT research in the areas of business and management, because existing research in these areas to date has been limited to certain domains. To achieve this, articles were identified and reviewed that were published in the Chartered Association of Business Schools’ (ABS) ≥ 2-star journals. Based on these findings, the second objective of this paper will be to propose a synergistic framework that relates existing research on DT to the areas of business and management, which will help form the evolutionary perspective taken in this paper. Considering the emerging development of the topic under investigation, the framework is understood as a sound basis for continued discussion and forthcoming research. © 2021 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Business and management; Digital transformation; Review; Synergistic framework; Thematic evolution
Paladugu R.; Schein M.; Gardezi S.; Wise L.	One hundred citation classics in general surgical journals	2002	World Journal of Surgery	10.1007/s00268-002-6376-7	"The number of times an article is cited in scientific journals reflects its impact on a specific biomedical field or specialty and reflects the impact of the authors' creativity. Our objective was to identify and analyze the characteristics of the 100 most frequently cited articles published in journals dedicated to general surgery and its close subspecialties. Using the database (1945-1995) of the Science Citation Index of the Institute for Scientific Information, 1500 articles cited 100 times and more were identified and the top 100 articles selected for further analysis. The 100 articles were published between 1931 and 1990, with more than two-thirds of them published after 1960. The mean number of citations per article was 405, (range 278-1013). Altogether, 84 of the articles originated from North America (USA 78; Canada 6) and the UK (12). New York State led the list of U.S. states with 14, and Harvard and Columbia University led the list of institutions with 6 articles each. The 100 articles were published in 10 surgical journals led by the Annals of Surgery (n = 40), followed by Surgery (n = 15), Archives of Surgery (n = 12), Surgery, Gynecology and Obstetrics (n = 11), and British Journal of Surgery (n = 10). A total of 80 of the articles reported clinical experiences, 6 were clinical review articles, and 14 dealt with basic science. Eighteen articles reported a new surgical technique and six a prosthetic device. Gastrointestinal surgery and trauma and critical care led the list of the surgical fields, each with 25 articles, followed by vascular surgery (n = 15). Thirty-four persons authored two or more of the top-cited articles. This list of the top-cited papers identifies seminal contributions and their originators, facilitating the understanding and discourse of modern surgical history and offering surgeons hints about what makes a contribution a ""top-cited classic."" To produce such a ""classic"" the surgeon and his or her group must come up with a clinical or nonclinical innovation, observation, or discovery that has a long-standing effect on the way we practice - be it operative or nonoperative. Based on our findings, to be well cited such a contribution should be published in the English language in a high-impact journal. Moreover, it is more likely to resonant loudly if it originates from a North American or British ""ivory tower""."	N/A
Stelfox H.T.; Palmisani S.; Scurlock C.; Orav E.J.; Bates D.W.	"The ""To Err is Human"" report and the patient safety literature"	2006	Quality and Safety in Health Care	10.1136/qshc.2006.017947	"Background: The ""To Err is Human"" report published by the Institute of Medicine (IOM) in 1999 called for a national effort to make health care safer. Although the report has been widely credited with spawning efforts to study and improve safety in health care, there has been limited objective assessment of its impact. We evaluated the effects of the IOM report on patient safety publications and research awards. Methods: We searched MEDLINE to identify English language articles on patient safety and medical errors published between 1 November 1994 and 1 November 2004. Using interrupted time series analyses, changes in the number, type, and subject matter of patient safety publications were measured. We also examined federal (US only) funding of patient safety research awards for the fiscal years 1995-2004. Results: A total of 5514 articles on patient safety and medical errors were published during the 10 year study period. The rate of patient safety publications increased from 59 to 164 articles per 100 000 MEDLINE publications (p<0.001) following the release of the IOM report. Increased rates of publication were observed for all types of patient safety articles. Publications of original research increased from an average of 24 to 41 articles per 100 000 MEDLINE publications after the release of the report (p<0.001), while patient safety research awards increased from 5 to 141 awards per 100 000 federally funded biomedical research awards (p<0.001). The most frequent subject of patient safety publications before the IOM report was malpractice (6% v 2%, p<0.001) while organizational culture was the most frequent subject (1% v 5%, p<0.001) after publication of the report. Conclusions: Publication of the report ""To Err is Human"" was associated with an increased number of patient safety publications and research awards. The report appears to have stimulated research and discussion about patient safety issues, but whether this will translate into safer patient care remains unknown."	N/A
Evans J.A.	Electronic publication and the narrowing of science and scholarship	2008	Science	10.1126/science.1150473	Online journals promise to serve more information to more dispersed audiences and are more efficiently searched and recalled. But because they are used differently than print - scientists and scholars tend to search electronically and follow hyperlinks rather than browse or peruse - electronically available journals may portend an ironic change for science. Using a database of 34 million articles, their citations (1945 to 2005), and online availability (1998 to 2005), I show that as more journal issues came online, the articles referenced tended to be more recent, fewer journals and articles were cited, and more of those citations were to fewer journals and articles. The forced browsing of print archives may have stretched scientists and scholars to anchor findings deeply into past and present scholarship. Searching online is more efficient and following hyperlinks quickly puts researchers in touch with prevailing opinion, but this may accelerate consensus and narrow the range of findings and ideas built upon.	N/A
Von Elm E.; Poglia G.; Walder B.; Tramèr M.R.	Different Patterns of Duplicate Publication: An Analysis of Articles Used in Systematic Reviews	2004	JAMA	10.1001/jama.291.8.974	Context: Duplicate publication is publication of an article that overlaps substantially with an article published elsewhere. Patterns of duplication are not well understood. Objective: To investigate duplication patterns and propose a decision tree for classification. Data Sources: We searched a comprehensive list of systematic reviews (1989 through August 15, 2002) in anesthesia and analgesia that is accessible on the Internet. We selected published full articles of duplicates that had been identified in these systematic reviews. Abstracts, letters, or book chapters were excluded. Study Selection and Data: Extraction Authors of 56 (40%) of 141 systematic reviews acknowledged identification of duplicates. Duplication patterns were identified independently by all investigators comparing samples and outcomes of pairs of duplicates and main articles. Information on cross-reference, sponsorship, authorship, and publication characteristics was extracted from the articles. Data Synthesis: The 56 systematic reviews included 1131 main articles (129337 subjects) and excluded 103 duplicates (12589 subjects) that originated from 78 main articles. Sixty articles were published twice, 13 three times, 3 four times, and 2 five times. We identified 6 duplication patterns: (1A) identical samples and identical outcomes (21 pairs); (1B) same as 1A but several duplicates assembled (n=16); (2) identical samples and different outcomes (n=24); (3A) increasing sample and identical outcomes (n=11); (3B) decreasing sample and identical outcomes (n=11); (4) different samples and different outcomes (n=20). The prevalence of covert duplicate articles (without a crossreference to the main article) was 5.3% (65/1234). Of the duplicates, 34 (33%) were sponsored by the pharmaceutical industry, and 66 (64%) had authorship that differed partly or completely from the main article. The median journal impact factor was 1.8 (range, 0.1-29.5) for duplicates and 2.0 (range, 0.4-29.5) for main articles (P=.13). The median annual citation rate was 1.7 (range, 0-27) for duplicates and 2.1 (range, 0-31) for main articles (P=.45). The median number of authors was 4 (range, 1-14) for duplicates and 4 (range, 1-15) for corresponding main articles (P=.02). The median delay in publication between main articles and duplicates was 1 year (range, 0-7 years). Conclusions: Duplication goes beyond simple copying. Six distinct duplication patterns were identified after comparing study samples and outcomes of duplicates and corresponding main articles. Authorship was an unreliable criterion. Duplicates were published in journals with similar impact factors and were cited as frequently as main articles.	N/A
Solomon K.D.; Fernández de Castro L.E.; Sandoval H.P.; Biber J.M.; Groat B.; Neff K.D.; Ying M.S.; French J.W.; Donnenfeld E.D.; Lindstrom R.L.	LASIK World Literature Review. Quality of Life and Patient Satisfaction	2009	Ophthalmology	10.1016/j.ophtha.2008.12.037	Purpose: To analyze the patient reported outcome of satisfaction after LASIK surgery. Design: Systematic review. Participants: Patient data from previously reported studies. Methods: A literature search conducted for the years 1988 to 2008 that included pertinent LASIK surgery information from the review of 2915 retrieved citations. All abstracts from these citations were reviewed and 1581 were deemed to be relevant for review. Complete copies of each of these relevant (1581) articles were obtained, and after thorough analysis each was rated based on the strength of the study design and weight of evidence. A level I rating was assigned to properly conducted, well-designed, randomized clinical trials; a level II rating to well-designed cohort and case-control studies; and a level III rating to case series, case reports, and poorly designed prospective and retrospective studies. Level I and II rated, peer-reviewed articles were entered into a database, and level III articles were eliminated. A total of 309 articles were incorporated into this database, representing level I and level II well-controlled studies of primary LASIK surgery. Main Outcome Measures: Patients' satisfaction rates and factors associated with dissatisfaction. Results: Nineteen of the 309 database articles (6.1%) reported on both patient quality of life and satisfaction and together encompassed a total of 2198 subjects. The procedures from these 19 articles took place between 1995 and 2003. The overall patient satisfaction rate after primary LASIK surgery was 95.4% (2097 of 2198 subjects; range of patient satisfaction for the 19 articles was 87.2%-100%). The patient satisfaction rate after myopic LASIK was 95.3% (1811 of 1901 patients), and after hyperopic LASIK was 96.3% (286 of 297 subjects). Conclusions: Based on this review, worldwide, an average 95.4% of patients were satisfied with their outcome after LASIK surgery. With 16.3 million procedures performed worldwide, and more than a decade of clinical studies and technological innovation, LASIK surgery should be considered among the most successful elective procedures. LASIK surgery compares more favorably with other elective surgical procedures in terms of generally higher satisfaction rates. Financial Disclosure(s): Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references. © 2009 American Academy of Ophthalmology.	N/A
Butler L.	Explaining Australia's increased share of ISI publications - The effects of a funding formula based on publication counts	2003	Research Policy	10.1016/S0048-7333(02)00007-0	Australia's share of publications in the Science Citation Index (SCI) has increased by 25% in the last decade. The worrying aspect associated with this trend is the significant decline in citation impact Australia is achieving relative to other countries. It has dropped from sixth position in a ranking of 11 OECD countries in 1988, to 10th position by 1993, and the distance from ninth place continues to widen. The increased publication activity came at a time when publication output was expected to decline due to pressures facing the higher education sector, which accounts for over two-thirds of Australian publications. This paper examines possible methodological and contextual explanations of the trends in Australia's presence in the SCI, and undertakes a detailed comparison of two universities that introduced diverse research management strategies in the late 1980s. The conclusion reached is that the driving force behind the Australian trends appears to lie with the increased culture of evaluation faced by the sector. Significant funds are distributed to universities, and within universities, on the basis of aggregate publication counts, with little attention paid to the impact or quality of that output. In consequence, journal publication productivity has increased significantly in the last decade, but its impact has declined. © 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Effects of evaluation; Productivity; Research funding; University research
Piwowar H.A.; Vision T.J.	Data reuse and the open data citation advantage	2013	PeerJ	10.7717/peerj.175	"Background: Attribution to the original contributor upon reuse of published data is important both as a reward for data creators and to document the provenance of research findings. Previous studies have found that papers with publicly available datasets receive a higher number of citations than similar studies without available data. However, few previous analyses have had the statistical power to control for the many variables known to predict citation rate, which has led to uncertain estimates of the ""citation benefit"". Furthermore, little is known about patterns in data reuse over time and across datasets. Method and Results: Here, we look at citation rates while controlling for many known citation predictors and investigate the variability of data reuse. In a multivariate regression on 10,555 studies that created gene expression microarray data, we found that studies that made data available in a public repository received 9% (95% confidence interval: 5% to 13%) more citations than similar studies for which the data was not made available. Date of publication, journal impact factor, open access status, number of authors, first and last author publication history, corresponding author country, institution citation history, and study topic were included as covariates. The citation benefit varied with date of dataset deposition: a citation benefit was most clear for papers published in 2004 and 2005, at about 30%. Authors published most papers using their own datasets within two years of their first publication on the dataset, whereas data reuse papers published by third-party investigators continued to accumulate for at least six years. To study patterns of data reuse directly, we compiled 9,724 instances of third party data reuse via mention of GEO or ArrayExpress accession numbers in the full text of papers. The level of third-party data use was high: for 100 datasets deposited in year 0, we estimated that 40 papers in PubMed reused a dataset by year 2, 100 by year 4, and more than 150 data reuse papers had been published by year 5. Data reuse was distributed across a broad base of datasets: a very conservative estimate found that 20% of the datasets deposited between 2003 and 2007 had been reused at least once by third parties. Conclusion: After accounting for other factors affecting citation rate, we find a robust citation benefit from open data, although a smaller one than previously reported. We conclude there is a direct effect of third-party data reuse that persists for years beyond the time when researchers have published most of the papers reusing their own data. Other factors that may also contribute to the citation benefit are considered. We further conclude that, at least for gene expression microarray data, a substantial fraction of archived datasets are reused, and that the intensity of dataset reuse has been steadily increasing since 2003. © Copyright 2013 Piwowar and Vision."	Bibliometrics; Data archiving; Data repositories; Data reuse; Gene expression microarray; Incentives; Information science; Open data
Tandon R.; Keshavan M.S.; Nasrallah H.A.	"Schizophrenia, ""Just the Facts"": What we know in 2008. Part 1: Overview"	2008	Schizophrenia Research	10.1016/j.schres.2008.01.022	"For every disorder, there is a set of established findings and accepted constructs upon which further understanding is built. The concept of schizophrenia as a disease entity has been with us for a little more than a century, although descriptions resembling this condition predate this conceptualization. In 1988, for the inaugural issue of Schizophrenia Research, at the invitation of the founding editors, a senior researcher, since deceased (RJ Wyatt)11Richard J. Wyatt participated substantially in the initial phases of manuscript development. He passed away in 2002. published a summary of generally accepted ideas about the disorder, which he termed ""the facts"" of schizophrenia. Ten years later, in conjunction with two of the authors (MSK, RT), he compiled a more extensive set of ""facts"" for the purpose of evaluating conceptual models or theoretical constructs developed to understand the nature of schizophrenia. On the 20th anniversary of this journal, we update and substantially expand our effort to periodically summarize the current body of information about schizophrenia. We compile a body of seventy-seven representative major findings and group them in terms of their specific relevance to schizophrenia - etiologies, pathophysiology, clinical manifestations, and treatments. We rate each such ""fact"" on a 0-3 scale for measures of reproducibility, whether primary to schizophrenia, and durability over time. We also pose one or more critical questions with reference to each ""fact"", answers to which might help better elucidate the meaning of that finding for our understanding of schizophrenia. We intend to follow this paper with the submission to the journal of a series of topic-specific articles, critically reviewing the evidence. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."	N/A
Wang J.; Veugelers R.; Stephan P.	Bias against novelty in science: A cautionary tale for users of bibliometric indicators	2017	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2017.06.006	Research which explores unchartered waters has a high potential for major impact but also carries a higher uncertainty of having impact. Such explorative research is often described as taking a novel approach. This study examines the complex relationship between pursuing a novel approach and impact. Viewing scientific research as a combinatorial process, we measure novelty in science by examining whether a published paper makes first-time-ever combinations of referenced journals, taking into account the difficulty of making such combinations. We apply this newly developed measure of novelty to all Web of Science research articles published in 2001 across all scientific disciplines. We find that highly novel papers, defined to be those that make more (distant) new combinations, deliver high gains to science: they are more likely to be a top 1% highly cited paper in the long run, to inspire follow-on highly cited research, and to be cited in a broader set of disciplines and in disciplines that are more distant from their “home” field. At the same time, novel research is also more risky, reflected by a higher variance in its citation performance. We also find strong evidence of delayed recognition of novel papers as novel papers are less likely to be top cited when using short time-windows. In addition, we find that novel research is significantly more highly cited in “foreign” fields but not in their “home” field. Finally, novel papers are published in journals with a lower Impact Factor, compared with non-novel papers, ceteris paribus. These findings suggest that science policy, in particular funding decisions which rely on bibliometric indicators based on short-term citation counts and Journal Impact Factors, may be biased against “high risk/high gain” novel research. The findings also caution against a mono-disciplinary approach in peer review to assess the true value of novel research. © 2017 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Breakthrough research; Evaluation; Impact; Novelty
Shamseer L.; Moher D.; Maduekwe O.; Turner L.; Barbour V.; Burch R.; Clark J.; Galipeau J.; Roberts J.; Shea B.J.	Potential predatory and legitimate biomedical journals: Can you tell the difference? A cross-sectional comparison	2017	BMC Medicine	10.1186/s12916-017-0785-9	Background: The Internet has transformed scholarly publishing, most notably, by the introduction of open access publishing. Recently, there has been a rise of online journals characterized as 'predatory', which actively solicit manuscripts and charge publications fees without providing robust peer review and editorial services. We carried out a cross-sectional comparison of characteristics of potential predatory, legitimate open access, and legitimate subscription-based biomedical journals. Methods: On July 10, 2014, scholarly journals from each of the following groups were identified - potential predatory journals (source: Beall's List), presumed legitimate, fully open access journals (source: PubMed Central), and presumed legitimate subscription-based (including hybrid) journals (source: Abridged Index Medicus). MEDLINE journal inclusion criteria were used to screen and identify biomedical journals from within the potential predatory journals group. One hundred journals from each group were randomly selected. Journal characteristics (e.g., website integrity, look and feel, editors and staff, editorial/peer review process, instructions to authors, publication model, copyright and licensing, journal location, and contact) were collected by one assessor and verified by a second. Summary statistics were calculated. Results: Ninety-three predatory journals, 99 open access, and 100 subscription-based journals were analyzed; exclusions were due to website unavailability. Many more predatory journals' homepages contained spelling errors (61/93, 66%) and distorted or potentially unauthorized images (59/93, 63%) compared to open access journals (6/99, 6% and 5/99, 5%, respectively) and subscription-based journals (3/100, 3% and 1/100, 1%, respectively). Thirty-one (33%) predatory journals promoted a bogus impact metric - the Index Copernicus Value - versus three (3%) open access journals and no subscription-based journals. Nearly three quarters (n = 66, 73%) of predatory journals had editors or editorial board members whose affiliation with the journal was unverified versus two (2%) open access journals and one (1%) subscription-based journal in which this was the case. Predatory journals charge a considerably smaller publication fee (median $100 USD, IQR $63-$150) than open access journals ($1865 USD, IQR $800-$2205) and subscription-based hybrid journals ($3000 USD, IQR $2500-$3000). Conclusions: We identified 13 evidence-based characteristics by which predatory journals may potentially be distinguished from presumed legitimate journals. These may be useful for authors who are assessing journals for possible submission or for others, such as universities evaluating candidates' publications as part of the hiring process. © 2017 The Author(s).	Biomedical journal; Journalology; Open access; Predatory; Publishing models; Scientific publishing
Pan X.; Yan E.; Cui M.; Hua W.	Examining the usage, citation, and diffusion patterns of bibliometric mapping software: A comparative study of three tools	2018	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2018.03.005	This study investigates the use, citation and diffusion of three bibliometric mapping software tools (CiteSpace, HistCite and VOSviewer) in scientific papers. We first conduct a content analysis of a sample of 481 English core journal papers - i.e., papers from journals deemed central to their respective disciplines - in which at least one of these tools is mentioned. This allows us to understand the predominant mention and citation practices surrounding these tools. We then employ several diffusion indicators to gain insight into the diffusion patterns of the three software tools. Overall, we find that researchers mention and cite the tools in diverse ways, many of which fall short of a traditional formal citation. Our results further indicate a clear upward trend in the use of all three tools, though VOSviewer is more frequently used than CiteSpace or HistCite. We also find that these three software tools have seen the fastest and most widespread adoption in library and information science research, where the tools originated. They have since been gradually adopted in other areas of study, initially at a lower diffusion speed but afterward at a rapidly growing rate. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric mapping software; Bibliometrics; Knowledge diffusion; Scholarly communication; Software citation
N/A	The impact factor game: It is time to find a better way to assess the scientific literature	2006	PLoS Medicine	10.1371/journal.pmed.0030291	[No abstract available]	N/A
Björk B.-C.; Solomon D.	Open access versus subscription journals: A comparison of scientific impact	2012	BMC Medicine	10.1186/1741-7015-10-73	Background: In the past few years there has been an ongoing debate as to whether the proliferation of open access (OA) publishing would damage the peer review system and put the quality of scientific journal publishing at risk. Our aim was to inform this debate by comparing the scientific impact of OA journals with subscription journals, controlling for journal age, the country of the publisher, discipline and (for OA publishers) their business model.Methods: The 2-year impact factors (the average number of citations to the articles in a journal) were used as a proxy for scientific impact. The Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) was used to identify OA journals as well as their business model. Journal age and discipline were obtained from the Ulrich's periodicals directory. Comparisons were performed on the journal level as well as on the article level where the results were weighted by the number of articles published in a journal. A total of 610 OA journals were compared with 7,609 subscription journals using Web of Science citation data while an overlapping set of 1,327 OA journals were compared with 11,124 subscription journals using Scopus data.Results: Overall, average citation rates, both unweighted and weighted for the number of articles per journal, were about 30% higher for subscription journals. However, after controlling for discipline (medicine and health versus other), age of the journal (three time periods) and the location of the publisher (four largest publishing countries versus other countries) the differences largely disappeared in most subcategories except for journals that had been launched prior to 1996. OA journals that fund publishing with article processing charges (APCs) are on average cited more than other OA journals. In medicine and health, OA journals founded in the last 10 years are receiving about as many citations as subscription journals launched during the same period.Conclusions: Our results indicate that OA journals indexed in Web of Science and/or Scopus are approaching the same scientific impact and quality as subscription journals, particularly in biomedicine and for journals funded by article processing charges. © 2012 Björk and Solomon et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.	Impact; Open access; Peer review; Scientific publishing
Culnan M.J.	Mapping the intellectual structure of MIS, 1980-1985: A co-citation analysis	1987	MIS Quarterly: Management Information Systems	10.2307/248680	This study is the second of two studies which assess the intellectual development of MIS. The present study documents the current intellectual structure of MIS research based on an author co-citation analysis. Five invisible colleges, or informal clusters of research activity, were identified (foundations; psychological approaches to MIS design and use; MIS management; organizational approaches to MIS design and use; and curriculum). When contrasted with the earlier study, these results suggest that MIS has made significant progress toward a cumulative research tradition.	Bibliometrics; MIS frameworks
Thompson D.F.; Walker C.K.	A descriptive and historical review of bibliometrics with applications to medical sciences	2015	Pharmacotherapy	10.1002/phar.1586	The discipline of bibliometrics involves the application of mathematical and statistical methods to scholarly publications. The first attempts at systematic data collection were provided by Alfred Lotka and Samuel Bradford, who subsequently established the foundational laws of bibliometrics. Eugene Garfield ushered in the modern era of bibliometrics with the routine use of citation analysis and systematized processing. Key elements of bibliometric analysis include database coverage, consistency and accuracy of the data, data fields, search options, and analysis and use of metrics. A number of bibliometric applications are currently being used in medical science and health care. Bibliometric parameters and indexes may be increasingly used by grant funding sources as measures of research success. Universities may build benchmarking standards from bibliometric data to determine academic achievement through promotion and tenure guidelines in the future. This article reviews the history, definition, laws, and elements of bibliometric principles and provides examples of bibliometric applications to the broader health care community. To accomplish this, the Medline (1966-2014) and Web of Science (1945-2014) databases were searched to identify relevant articles; select articles were also cross-referenced. Articles selected were those that provided background, history, descriptive analysis, and application of bibliometric principles and metrics to medical science and health care. No attempt was made to cover all areas exhaustively; rather, key articles were chosen that illustrate bibliometric concepts and enhance the reader's knowledge. It is important that faculty and researchers understand the limitations and appropriate uses of bibliometric data. Bibliometrics has considerable potential as a research area for health care scientists and practitioners that can be used to discover new information about academic trends, pharmacotherapy, disease, and broader health sciences trends. © 2015 Pharmacotherapy Publications, Inc.	application; bibliometrics; history; laws; medicine; pharmacy; publications
Wislar J.S.; Flanagin A.; Fontanarosa P.B.; DeAngelis C.D.	Honorary and ghost authorship in high impact biomedical journals: A cross sectional survey	2011	BMJ (Online)	10.1136/bmj.d6128	Objectives: To assess the prevalence of honorary and ghost authors in six leading general medical journals in 2008 and compare this with the prevalence reported by authors of articles published in 1996. Design: Cross sectional survey using a web based questionnaire. Setting: International survey of journal authors. Participants: Sample of corresponding authors of 896 research articles, review articles, and editorial/opinion articles published in six general medical journals with high impact factors in 2008: Annals of Internal Medicine, JAMA, Lancet, Nature Medicine, New England Journal of Medicine, and PLoS Medicine. Main outcome measures: Self reported compliance with International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) criteria for authorship for all authors on the selected articles. Results: A total of 630/896 (70.3%) corresponding authors responded to the survey. The prevalence of articles with honorary authorship or ghost authorship, or both, was 21.0% (95% CI 18.0% to 24.3%), a decrease from 29.2% reported in 1996 (P=0.004). Based on 545 responses on honorary authorship, 96 articles (17.6% (95% CI 14.6% to 21.0%)) had honorary authors (range by journal 12.2% to 29.3%), a non-significant change from 1996 (19.3%; P=0.439). Based on 622 responses on ghost authorship, 49 articles (7.9% (6.0% to 10.3%)) had ghost authors (range by journal 2.1% to 11.0%), a significant decline from 1996 (11.5%; P=0.023). The prevalence of honorary authorship was 25.0% in original research reports, 15.0% in reviews, and 11.2% in editorials, whereas the prevalence of ghost authorship was 11.9% in research articles, 6.0% in reviews, and 5.3% in editorials. Conclusions: Evidence of honorary and ghost authorship in 21% of articles published in major medical journals in 2008 suggests that increased efforts by scientific journals, individual authors, and academic institutions are essential to promote responsibility, accountability, and transparency in authorship, and to maintain integrity in scientific publication.	N/A
Agarwal A.; Durairajanayagam D.; Tatagari S.; Esteves S.C.; Harlev A.; Henkel R.; Roychoudhury S.; Homa S.; Puchalt N.G.; Ramasamy R.; Majzoub A.; Dao Ly K.; Tvrda E.; Assidi M.; Kesari K.; Sharma R.; Banihani S.; Ko E.; Abu-Elmagd M.; Gosalvez J.; Bashiri A.	Bibliometrics: Tracking research impact by selecting the appropriate metrics	2016	Asian Journal of Andrology	10.4103/1008-682X.171582	Traditionally, the success of a researcher is assessed by the number of publications he or she publishes in peer-reviewed, indexed, high impact journals. This essential yardstick, often referred to as the impact of a specific researcher, is assessed through the use of various metrics. While researchers may be acquainted with such matrices, many do not know how to use them to enhance their careers. In addition to these metrics, a number of other factors should be taken into consideration to objectively evaluate a scientist′s profile as a researcher and academician. Moreover, each metric has its own limitations that need to be considered when selecting an appropriate metric for evaluation. This paper provides a broad overview of the wide array of metrics currently in use in academia and research. Popular metrics are discussed and defined, including traditional metrics and article-level metrics, some of which are applied to researchers for a greater understanding of a particular concept, including varicocele that is the thematic area of this Special Issue of Asian Journal of Andrology. We recommend the combined use of quantitative and qualitative evaluation using judiciously selected metrics for a more objective assessment of scholarly output and research impact. © 2016 AJA, SIMM & SJTU.	article-level metrics; bibliometrics; citation counts; h-index; impact factor; research databases; research impact; research productivity; traditional metrics
Zhang C.-T.	The e-Index, Complementing the h-Index for Excess Citations	2009	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0005429	Background:The h-index has already been used by major citation databases to evaluate the academic performance of individual scientists. Although effective and simple, the h-index suffers from some drawbacks that limit its use in accurately and fairly comparing the scientific output of different researchers. These drawbacks include information loss and low resolution: the former refers to the fact that in addition to h2 citations for papers in the h-core, excess citations are completely ignored, whereas the latter means that it is common for a group of researchers to have an identical h-index.Methodology/Principal Findings:To solve these problems, I here propose the e-index, where e2 represents the ignored excess citations, in addition to the h2 citations for h-core papers. Citation information can be completely depicted by using the h-index together with the e-index, which are independent of each other. Some other h-type indices, such as a and R, are h-dependent, have information redundancy with h, and therefore, when used together with h, mask the real differences in excess citations of different researchers.Conclusions/Significance:Although simple, the e-index is a necessary h-index complement, especially for evaluating highly cited scientists or for precisely comparing the scientific output of a group of scientists having an identical h-index. © 2009 Zhang.	N/A
Osareh F.	Bibliometrics, citation analysis and co-citation analysis: A review of literature I	1996	Libri	10.1515/libr.1996.46.3.149	Although the coinage of the term Bibliometrics is fairly recent, its usage and practice can be traced back to the 1890's. Bibliometrics has been used vastly as a quantitative method for evaluating the literature in different disciplines, particularly in the last two decades. This article is intended to review bibliometrics and one of its major methods citation analysis in two different parts: the first part of this article aims to present a background of the bibliometrics and citation analysis. The applications of citation analysis are also studied in this part. In the second part of this article: document and author co-citation analysis as well as joumal-by-journal and country-by-counhy citation analysis are studied. Mapping science as an application of co-citation analysis is also studied, finally the limitations, problems and reliability and validity of citation analysis as a research method will be considered. ©Munksgaard 1996.	N/A
Watts R.J.; Porter A.L.	Innovation Forecasting	1997	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/S0040-1625(97)00050-4	"Technological forecasting is premised on a certain orderliness of the innovation process. Myriad studies of technological substitution, diffusion, and transfer processes have yielded conceptual models of what matters for successful innovation, but most technological forecasts key on limited empirical measures quite divorced from those innovation process models. We glean a number of concepts from various innovation models, then present an array of bibliometric measures that offer the promise of operationalizing these concepts. Judicious combination of such bibliometrics with other forms of evidence offers an enriched form of technological forecasting we call ""innovation forecasting."" This provides a good means to combine technological trends, mapping of technological interdependencies, and competitive intelligence to produce a viable forecast. We illustrate by assessing prospects for ceramic engine technologies. © 1997 Elsevier Science Inc."	N/A
Ross J.S.; Tse T.; Zarin D.A.; Xu H.; Zhou L.; Krumholz H.M.	Publication of NIH funded trials registered in ClinicalTrials.gov: Cross sectional analysis	2012	BMJ (Online)	10.1136/bmj.d7292	Objective: To review patterns of publication of clinical trials funded by US National Institutes of Health (NIH) in peer reviewed biomedical journals indexed by Medline. Design: Cross sectional analysis. Setting: Clinical trials funded by NIH and registered within ClinicalTrials.gov (clinicaltrials.gov), a trial registry and results database maintained by the US National Library of Medicine, after 30 September 2005 and updated as having been completed by 31 December 2008, allowing at least 30 months for publication after completion of the trial. Main outcome measures: Publication and time to publication in the biomedical literature, as determined through Medline searches, the last of which was performed in June 2011. Results: Among 635 clinical trials completed by 31 December 2008, 294 (46%) were published in a peer reviewed biomedical journal, indexed by Medline, within 30 months of trial completion. The median period of follow-up after trial completion was 51 months (25th-75th centiles 40-68 months), and 432 (68%) were published overall. Among published trials, the median time to publication was 23 months (14-36 months). Trials completed in either 2007 or 2008 were more likely to be published within 30 months of study completion compared with trials completed before 2007 (54% (196/366) v 36% (98/269); P<0.001). Conclusions Despite recent improvement in timely publication, fewer than half of trials funded by NIH are published in a peer reviewed biomedical journal indexed by Medline within 30 months of trial completion. Moreover, after a median of 51 months after trial completion, a third of trials remained unpublished.	N/A
Blanco-Mesa F.; Merigó J.M.; Gil-Lafuente A.M.	Fuzzy decision making: A bibliometric-based review	2017	Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems	10.3233/JIFS-161640	Fuzzy decision-making consists in making decisions under complex and uncertain environments where the information can be assessed with fuzzy sets and systems. The aim of this study is to review the main contributions in this field by using a bibliometric approach. For doing so, the article uses a wide range of bibliometric indicators including the citations and the h-index. Moreover, it also uses the VOS viewer software in order to map the main trends in this area. The work considers the leading journals, articles, authors and institutions. The results indicate that the USA was the traditional leader in this field with the most significant researcher. However, during the last years, this field is receiving more attention by Asian authors that are starting to lead the field. This discipline has a strong potential and the expectations for the future is that it will continue to grow. © 2017 IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Fuzzy decision-making; VOS viewer; Web of Science
Gilson L.; Raphaely N.	The terrain of health policy analysis in low and middle income countries: A review of published literature 1994-2007	2008	Health Policy and Planning	10.1093/heapol/czn019	This article provides the first ever review of literature analysing the health policy processes of low and middle income countries (LMICs). Based on a systematic search of published literature using two leading international databases, the article maps the terrain of work published between 1994 and 2007, in terms of policy topics, lines of inquiry and geographical base, as well as critically evaluating its strengths and weaknesses. The overall objective of the review is to provide a platform for the further development of this field of work.From an initial set of several thousand articles, only 391 were identified as relevant to the focus of inquiry. Of these, 164 were selected for detailed review because they present empirical analyses of health policy change processes within LMIC settings. Examination of these articles clearly shows that LMIC health policy analysis is still in its infancy. There are only small numbers of such analyses, whilst the diversity of policy areas, topics and analytical issues that have been addressed across a large number of country settings results in a limited depth of coverage within this body of work. In addition, the majority of articles are largely descriptive in nature, limiting understanding of policy change processes within or across countries. Nonetheless, the broad features of experience that can be identified from these articles clearly confirm the importance of integrating concern for politics, process and power into the study of health policy. By generating understanding of the factors influencing the experience and results of policy change, such analysis can inform action to strengthen future policy development and implementation. This article, finally, outlines five key actions needed to strengthen the field of health policy analysis within LMICs, including capacity development and efforts to generate systematic and coherent bodies of work underpinned by both the intent to undertake rigorous analytical work and concern to support policy change. © The Author 2008; all rights reserved.	Health policy; Methods; Policy analysis
Opthof T.	Sense and nonsense about the impact factor	1997	Cardiovascular Research	10.1016/S0008-6363(96)00215-5	The impact factor is based on citations of papers published by a scientific journal. It has been published since 1961 by the Institute for Scientific Information. It may be regarded as an estimate of the citation rate of a journal's papers, and the higher its value, the higher the scientific esteem of the journal. Although the impact factor was originally meant for comparison of journals, it is also used for assessment of the quality of individual papers, scientists and departments. For the latter a scientific basis is lacking, as we will demonstrate in this contribution.	citation analysis; impact factor; quality assessment
Gumus S.; Bellibas M.S.; Esen M.; Gumus E.	A systematic review of studies on leadership models in educational research from 1980 to 2014	2018	Educational Management Administration and Leadership	10.1177/1741143216659296	The purpose of this study is to reveal the extent to which different leadership models in education are studied, including the change in the trends of research on each model over time, the most prominent scholars working on each model, and the countries in which the articles are based. The analysis of the related literature was conducted by first employing a bibliometric analysis of the research and review papers indexed in the Web of Science database between 1980 and 2014. Then, a more in-depth analysis of selected papers was done using the content analysis method. The results showed that there has been increasing interest in leadership models in educational research over time. Distributed leadership, instructional leadership, teacher leadership, and transformational leadership are the most studied leadership models in educational research. It was also found that related research increasingly focuses on the effects of leaders on organizational behaviors/conditions and on student achievement. Accordingly, usage of quantitative methodology has significantly increased during the last decade. Possible reasons for these changes, implications, and recommendations for future research are also discussed. © 2016, © The Author(s) 2016.	Bibliometrics; distributed leadership; instructional leadership; leadership models; leadership research; teacher leadership; transformational leadership
Wu S.; Roberts K.; Datta S.; Du J.; Ji Z.; Si Y.; Soni S.; Wang Q.; Wei Q.; Xiang Y.; Zhao B.; Xu H.	Deep learning in clinical natural language processing: A methodical review	2020	Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association	10.1093/jamia/ocz200	"Objective: This article methodically reviews the literature on deep learning (DL) for natural language processing (NLP) in the clinical domain, providing quantitative analysis to answer 3 research questions concerning methods, scope, and context of current research. Materials and Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Scopus, the Association for Computing Machinery Digital Library, and the Association for Computational Linguistics Anthology for articles using DL-based approaches to NLP problems in electronic health records. After screening 1,737 articles, we collected data on 25 variables across 212 papers. Results: DL in clinical NLP publications more than doubled each year, through 2018. Recurrent neural networks (60.8%) and word2vec embeddings (74.1%) were the most popular methods; the information extraction tasks of text classification, named entity recognition, and relation extraction were dominant (89.2%). However, there was a ""long tail"" of other methods and specific tasks. Most contributions were methodological variants or applications, but 20.8% were new methods of some kind. The earliest adopters were in the NLP community, but the medical informatics community was the most prolific. Discussion: Our analysis shows growing acceptance of deep learning as a baseline for NLP research, and of DL-based NLP in the medical community. A number of common associations were substantiated (eg, the preference of recurrent neural networks for sequence-labeling named entity recognition), while others were surprisingly nuanced (eg, the scarcity of French language clinical NLP with deep learning). Conclusion: Deep learning has not yet fully penetrated clinical NLP and is growing rapidly. This review highlighted both the popular and unique trends in this active field. © 2019 The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Medical Informatics Association. All rights reserved."	deep learning; electronic health records; methodical, review, clinical text; natural language processing
Nobre G.C.; Tavares E.	Scientific literature analysis on big data and internet of things applications on circular economy: a bibliometric study	2017	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-017-2281-6	Circular economy (CE) is a term that exists since the 1970s and has acquired greater importance in the past few years, partly due to the scarcity of natural resources available in the environment and changes in consumer behavior. Cutting-edge technologies such as big data and internet of things (IoT) have the potential to leverage the adoption of CE concepts by organizations and society, becoming more present in our daily lives. Therefore, it is fundamentally important for researchers interested in this subject to understand the status quo of studies being undertaken worldwide and to have the overall picture of it. We conducted a bibliometric literature review from the Scopus Database over the period of 2006–2015 focusing on the application of big data/IoT on the context of CE. This produced the combination of 30,557 CE documents with 32,550 unique big data/IoT studies resulting in 70 matching publications that went through content and social network analysis with the use of ‘R’ statistical tool. We then compared it to some current industry initiatives. Bibliometrics findings indicate China and USA are the most interested countries in the area and reveal a context with significant opportunities for research. In addition, large producers of greenhouse gas emissions, such as Brazil and Russia, still lack studies in the area. Also, a disconnection between important industry initiatives and scientific research seems to exist. The results can be useful for institutions and researchers worldwide to understand potential research gaps and to focus future investments/studies in the field. © 2017, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Big data; Circular economy; Consumer behavior; Internet of things; Sustainability
Zou X.; Yue W.L.; Vu H.L.	Visualization and analysis of mapping knowledge domain of road safety studies	2018	Accident Analysis and Prevention	10.1016/j.aap.2018.06.010	Mapping knowledge domain (MKD) is an important application of visualization technology in Bibliometrics, which has been extensively applied in psychology, medicine, and information science. In this paper we conduct a systematic analysis of the development trend on road safety studies based on the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) articles published between 2000 and 2018 using the MKD software tools VOSviewer and Sci2 Tool. Based on our analysis, we first present the annual numbers of articles, origin countries, main research organizations and groups as well as the source journals on road safety studies. We then report the collaborations among the main research organizations and groups using co-authorship analysis. Furthermore, we adopt the document co-citation analysis, keywords co-occurrence analysis, and burst detection analysis to visually explore the knowledge bases, topic distribution, research fronts and research trends on road safety studies. The proposed approach based on the visualized analysis of MKD can be used to establish a reference information and research basis for the application and development of methods in the domain of road safety studies. In particular, our results show that the knowledge bases (classical documents) of road safety studies in the last two decades have focused on five major areas of “Crash Frequency Data Analysis”, “Driver Behavior Questionnaire”, “Safety in Numbers for Walkers and Bicyclists”, “Road Traffic Injury and Prevention”, and “Driving Speed and Road Crashes”. Among the research topics, the five dominant clusters are “Causation and Injury Severity Analysis of Road Accidents”, “Epidemiologic Study and Prevention of Road Traffic Injury”, “Intelligent Transportation System and Active Safety”, “Young drivers’ driving behavior and psychology”, and “Older drivers’ psychological and physiological characteristics”. Finally, the burst keywords in research trends include Cycling, Intelligent Transportation Systems, and Distraction. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Mapping knowledge domain; Road safety; Sci2 Tool; Visualization; VOSviewer
Hicks D.	The difficulty of achieving full coverage of international social science literature and the bibliometric consequences	1999	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02457380	This review of social science bibliometric literature seeks to establish characteristics of the social science literature and to understand their consequences for the coverage of literature databases and for interpretation of bibliometric social science indicators based on such databases. The paper reviews what we know about social science publishing and database coverage of it. It examines the main reasons why social science bibliometrics are problematic, namely: the centrality of books in social science literature and their high citation rate; and the national orientation of social science literatures. The paper then looks at reasons why social science bibliometrics holds increasing promise, namely: increasing internationalization; and good coverage of scholarly journals.	N/A
Tran B.X.; Vu G.T.; Ha G.H.; Vuong Q.-H.; Ho M.-T.; Vuong T.-T.; La V.-P.; Ho M.-T.; Nghiem K.-C.P.; Nguyen H.L.T.; Latkin C.A.; Tam W.W.S.; Cheung N.-M.; Nguyen H.-K.T.; Ho C.S.H.; Ho R.C.M.	Global evolution of research in artificial intelligence in health and medicine: A bibliometric study	2019	Journal of Clinical Medicine	10.3390/jcm8030360	The increasing application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in health and medicine has attracted a great deal of research interest in recent decades. This study aims to provide a global and historical picture of research concerning AI in health and medicine. A total of 27, 451 papers that were published between 1977 and 2018 (84.6% were dated 2008-2018) were retrieved from the Web of Science platform. The descriptive analysis examined the publication volume, and authors and countries collaboration. A global network of authors’ keywords and content analysis of related scientific literature highlighted major techniques, including Robotic, Machine learning, Artificial neural network, Artificial intelligence, Natural language process, and their most frequent applications in Clinical Prediction and Treatment. The number of cancer-related publications was the highest, followed by Heart Diseases and Stroke, Vision impairment, Alzheimer’s, and Depression. Moreover, the shortage in the research of AI application to some high burden diseases suggests future directions in AI research. This study offers a first and comprehensive picture of the global efforts directed towards this increasingly important and prolific field of research and suggests the development of global and national protocols and regulations on the justification and adaptation of medical AI products. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	AI ethics; Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Global; Health; Mapping; Medicine
Andersen J.P.; Nielsen M.W.; Simone N.L.; Lewiss R.E.; Jagsi R.	COVID-19 medical papers have fewer women first authors than expected	2020	eLife	10.7554/eLife.58807	The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in school closures and distancing requirements that have disrupted both work and family life for many. Concerns exist that these disruptions caused by the pandemic may not have influenced men and women researchers equally. Many medical journals have published papers on the pandemic, which were generated by researchers facing the challenges of these disruptions. Here we report the results of an analysis that compared the gender distribution of authors on 1893 medical papers related to the pandemic with that on papers published in the same journals in 2019, for papers with first authors and last authors from the United States. Using mixed-effects regression models, we estimated that the proportion of COVID-19 papers with a woman first author was 19% lower than that for papers published in the same journals in 2019, while our comparisons for last authors and overall proportion of women authors per paper were inconclusive. A closer examination suggested that women’s representation as first authors of COVID-19 research was particularly low for papers published in March and April 2020. Our findings are consistent with the idea that the research productivity of women, especially early-career women, has been affected more than the research productivity of men. © Andersen et al.	N/A
Liu Z.; Yin Y.; Liu W.; Dunford M.	Visualizing the intellectual structure and evolution of innovation systems research: a bibliometric analysis	2015	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-014-1517-y	Despite increasing awareness of the need to trace the trajectory of innovation system research, so far little attention has been given to quantitative depiction of the evolution of this fast-moving research field. This paper uses CiteSpace to demonstrate visually intellectual structures and developments. The study uses citation analysis to detect and visualize disciplinary distributions, keyword co-word networks and journal cocitation networks, highly cited references, as well as highly cited authors to identify intellectual turning points, pivotal points and emerging trends, in innovation systems system research from 1975 to 2012. © 2015, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Cityscape; Innovation systems; Intellectual development; Scientific visualization
Cancino C.; Merigó J.M.; Coronado F.; Dessouky Y.; Dessouky M.	Forty years of Computers & Industrial Engineering: A bibliometric analysis	2017	Computers and Industrial Engineering	10.1016/j.cie.2017.08.033	Computers & Industrial Engineering (CIE) is a leading international journal in the field of industrial engineering, whose first issue was published in 1976. Motivated by its 40th anniversary in 2016, this study aims to develop a bibliometric analysis of the publications of the journal between 1976 and 2015. The objective is to identify the leading trends of the journal in terms of impact, topics, universities and countries. In doing so, the work uses the Web of Science Core Collection database to analyze the bibliometric data. Additionally, the work also uses the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer software to map graphically the bibliographic material. The graphical analysis uses bibliographic coupling, co-citation, citation, co-authorship and co-occurrence of keywords. This paper also offers an editorial perspective of the journal's policy, editorial process, and performance progress. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; h-index; VOS viewer; Web of Science
Pjetursson B.E.; Asgeirsson A.G.; Zwahlen M.; Sailer I.	Improvements in implant dentistry over the last decade: comparison of survival and complication rates in older and newer publications.	2014	The International journal of oral & maxillofacial implants	10.11607/jomi.2014suppl.g5.2	The objective of this systematic review was to assess and compare the survival and complication rates of implant-supported prostheses reported in studies published in the year 2000 and before, to those reported in studies published after the year 2000. Three electronic searches complemented by manual searching were conducted to identify 139 prospective and retrospective studies on implant-supported prostheses. The included studies were divided in two groups: a group of 31 older studies published in the year 2000 or before, and a group of 108 newer studies published after the year 2000. Survival and complication rates were calculated using Poisson regression models, and multivariable robust Poisson regression was used to formally compare the outcomes of older and newer studies. The 5-year survival rate of implant-supported prostheses was significantly increased in newer studies compared with older studies. The overall survival rate increased from 93.5% to 97.1%. The survival rate for cemented prostheses increased from 95.2% to 97.9%; for screw-retained reconstruction, from 77.6% to 96.8%; for implant-supported single crowns, from 92.6% to 97.2%; and for implant-supported fixed dental prostheses (FDPs), from 93.5% to 96.4%. The incidence of esthetic complications decreased in more recent studies compared with older ones, but the incidence of biologic complications was similar. The results for technical complications were inconsistent. There was a significant reduction in abutment or screw loosening by implant-supported FDPs. On the other hand, the total number of technical complications and the incidence of fracture of the veneering material was significantly increased in the newer studies. To explain the increased rate of complications, minor complications are probably reported in more detail in the newer publications. The results of the present systematic review demonstrated a positive learning curve in implant dentistry, represented in higher survival rates and lower complication rates reported in more recent clinical studies. The incidence of esthetic, biologic, and technical complications, however, is still high. Hence, it is important to identify these complications and their etiology to make implant treatment even more predictable in the future.	N/A
Bodenreider O.	Biomedical ontologies in action: role in knowledge management, data integration and decision support.	2008	Yearbook of medical informatics	10.1055/s-0038-1638585	OBJECTIVES: To provide typical examples of biomedical ontologies in action, emphasizing the role played by biomedical ontologies in knowledge management, data integration and decision support. METHODS: Biomedical ontologies selected for their practical impact are examined from a functional perspective. Examples of applications are taken from operational systems and the biomedical literature, with a bias towards recent journal articles. RESULTS: The ontologies under investigation in this survey include SNOMED CT, the Logical Observation Identifiers, Names, and Codes (LOINC), the Foundational Model of Anatomy, the Gene Ontology, RxNorm, the National Cancer Institute Thesaurus, the International Classification of Diseases, the Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) and the Unified Medical Language System (UMLS). The roles played by biomedical ontologies are classified into three major categories: knowledge management (indexing and retrieval of data and information, access to information, mapping among ontologies); data integration, exchange and semantic interoperability; and decision support and reasoning (data selection and aggregation, decision support, natural language processing applications, knowledge discovery). CONCLUSIONS: Ontologies play an important role in biomedical research through a variety of applications. While ontologies are used primarily as a source of vocabulary for standardization and integration purposes, many applications also use them as a source of computable knowledge. Barriers to the use of ontologies in biomedical applications are discussed.	N/A
Ferasso M.; Beliaeva T.; Kraus S.; Clauss T.; Ribeiro-Soriano D.	Circular economy business models: The state of research and avenues ahead	2020	Business Strategy and the Environment	10.1002/bse.2554	This study investigates how the circular economy and business models are related in the current business and management literature. Based on bibliometric analytical procedures, 253 articles were retrieved from the Scopus, Web of Science, and ScienceDirect scientific databases. The articles were analyzed according to network analysis principles, and key terms were mapped into a network. We used VOSviewer to build the network, explore the most-researched terms and their relationships, and identify less-explored terms and research gaps. We furthermore conducted a qualitative review of selected publications to provide an illustration of quantitative results and delve deeper into the research topics. The main findings revealed the networks of current topics as they appear in the publications such as business models, the circular economy, circular business models, value, supply chain, transition, resource, waste, and reuse, and their most prevalent relationships. The results also highlighted several emerging topics such as those connected with managerial, supply-side, demand-side, networking, performance, and contextual considerations of circular business models. © 2020 The Authors. Business Strategy and The Environment published by ERP Environment and John Wiley & Sons Ltd	bibliometrics; business model; circular business model; circular economy; network analysis; sustainable development
Bornmann L.; Daniel H.-D.	The state of h index research. Is the h index the ideal way to measure research performance?	2009	EMBO Reports	10.1038/embor.2008.233	[No abstract available]	N/A
Moed H.F.	New developments in the use of citation analysis in research evaluation	2009	Archivum Immunologiae et Therapiae Experimentalis	10.1007/s00005-009-0001-5	This paper presents an overview of research assessment methodologies developed in the field of evaluative bibliometrics, a subfield of quantitative science and technology studies, aimed to construct indicators of research performance from a quantitative statistical analysis of scientific-scholarly documents. Citation analysis is one of its key methodologies. The paper illustrates the potentialities and limitations of the use of bibliometric indicators in research assessment. It discusses the relationship between metrics and peer review; databases used as sources of bibliometric analysis; the pros and cons of indicators often applied, including journal impact factors, Hirsch indices, and normalized indicators of citation impact; and approaches to the bibliometric measurement of institutional research performance. © 2009 L. Hirszfeld Institute of Immunology and Experimental Therapy, Wroclaw, Poland.	Citation analysis; Hirsch index; Impact factor
Larivière V.; Gingras Y.; Sugimoto C.R.; Tsou A.	Team size matters: Collaboration and scientific impact since 1900	2015	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23266	This article provides the first historical analysis of the relationship between collaboration and scientific impact using three indicators of collaboration (number of authors, number of addresses, and number of countries) derived from articles published between 1900 and 2011. The results demonstrate that an increase in the number of authors leads to an increase in impact, from the beginning of the last century onward, and that this is not due simply to self-citations. A similar trend is also observed for the number of addresses and number of countries represented in the byline of an article. However, the constant inflation of collaboration since 1900 has resulted in diminishing citation returns: Larger and more diverse (in terms of institutional and country affiliation) teams are necessary to realize higher impact. The article concludes with a discussion of the potential causes of the impact gain in citations of collaborative papers. © 2014 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics
Campbell S.; Remenyi T.A.; White C.J.; Johnston F.H.	Heatwave and health impact research: A global review	2018	Health and Place	10.1016/j.healthplace.2018.08.017	Background: Observed increases in the frequency and intensity of heatwave events, together with the projected acceleration of these events worldwide, has led to a rapid expansion in research on the health impacts of extreme heat. Objective: To examine how research on heatwaves and their health-related impact is distributed globally. Methods: A systematic review was undertaken. Four online databases were searched for articles examining links between specific historical heatwave events and their impact on mortality or morbidity. The locations of these events were mapped at a global scale, and compared to other known characteristics that influence heat-related illness and death. Results: When examining the location of heatwave and health impact research worldwide, studies were concentrated on mid-latitude, high-income countries of low- to medium-population density. Regions projected to experience the most extreme heatwaves in the future were not represented. Furthermore, the majority of studies examined mortality as a key indicator of population-wide impact, rather than the more sensitive indicator of morbidity. Conclusion: While global heatwave and health impact research is prolific in some regions, the global population most at risk of death and illness from extreme heat is under-represented. Heatwave and health impact research is needed in regions where this impact is expected to be most severe. © 2018 The Authors	Extreme heat; Heatwave; Morbidity; Mortality; Population health
Handelsman D.J.; Wartofsky L.	Requirement for mass spectrometry sex steroid assays in the journal of clinical endocrinology and metabolism	2013	Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism	10.1210/jc.2013-3375	[No abstract available]	N/A
Walters W.P.; Green J.; Weiss J.R.; Murcko M.A.	What do medicinal chemists actually make? A 50-year retrospective	2011	Journal of Medicinal Chemistry	10.1021/jm200504p	[No abstract available]	N/A
Van Walraven C.; Davis D.; Forster A.J.; Wells G.A.	Time-dependent bias was common in survival analyses published in leading clinical journals	2004	Journal of Clinical Epidemiology	10.1016/j.jclinepi.2003.12.008	"Objective In survival analysis, ""baseline immeasurable"" time-dependent factors cannot be recorded at baseline, and change value after patient observation starts. Time-dependent bias can occur if such variables are not analyzed appropriately. This study sought to determine the prevalence of such time-dependent bias in highly-cited medical journals. Study design and setting We searched Medline databases to identify all observational studies that used a survival analysis in American Journal of Medicine, Annals of Internal Medicine, Archives of Internal Medicine, British Medical Journal, Chest, Circulation, Journal of the American Medical Association, Lancet, and New England Journal of Medicine between 1998 and 2002. Studies with ""baseline immeasurable"" time-dependent factors were susceptible to time-dependent bias if a time-dependent covariate analysis was not used. Results Of 682 eligible studies, 127 (18.6%, 95% CI 15.8-21.8%) contained a ""baseline immeasurable"" time-dependent factor and 52 (7.6% [5.8-9.9%] of all survival analyses/40.9% [32.3-50.0%] of studies with a time-dependent factor) were susceptible to time-dependent bias. In 35 studies (5.1% [3.7-7.1%]/27.6% [20.5-35.9%]), the bias affected a variable highlighted in the study abstract and correction of the bias could have qualitatively changed the study's conclusion in over half of studies. Conclusion In medical journals, time-dependent bias is concerningly common and frequently affects key factors and the study's conclusion. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."	Clinical journals; Survival analysis; Time-dependent bias
Leydesdorff L.; Wagner C.S.	International collaboration in science and the formation of a core group	2008	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2008.07.003	International collaboration as measured by co-authorship relations on refereed papers grew linearly from 1990 to 2005 in terms of the number of papers, but exponentially in terms of the number of international addresses. This confirms Persson et al.'s [Persson, O., Glänzel, W., & Danell, R. (2004). Inflationary bibliometrics values: The role of scientific collaboration and the need for relative indicators in evaluative studies. Scientometrics, 60(3), 421-432] hypothesis of an inflation in international collaboration. Patterns in international collaboration in science can be considered as network effects, since there is no political institution mediating relationships at that level except for the initiatives of the European Commission. Science at the international level shares features with other complex adaptive systems whose order arises from the interactions of hundreds of agents pursuing self-interested strategies. During the period 2000-2005, the network of global collaborations appears to have reinforced the formation of a core group of fourteen most cooperative countries. This core group can be expected to use knowledge from the global network with great efficiency, since these countries have strong national systems. Countries at the periphery may be disadvantaged by the increased strength of the core. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Co-authorship; Science policy; Scientific collaboration; Social network analysis; Social systems
Haustein S.; Costas R.; Larivière V.	Characterizing social media metrics of scholarly papers: The effect of document properties and collaboration patterns	2015	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0120495	"A number of new metrics based on social media platforms - grouped under the term ""altmetrics"" - have recently been introduced as potential indicators of research impact. Despite their current popularity, there is a lack of information regarding the determinants of these metrics. Using publication and citation data from 1.3 million papers published in 2012 and covered in Thomson Reuters' Web of Science as well as social media counts from Altmetric.com, this paper analyses the main patterns of five social media metrics as a function of document characteristics (i.e., discipline, document type, title length, number of pages and references) and collaborative practices and compares them to patterns known for citations. Results show that the presence of papers on social media is low, with 21.5% of papers receiving at least one tweet, 4.7% being shared on Facebook, 1.9% mentioned on blogs, 0.8% found on Google+ and 0.7% discussed in mainstream media. By contrast, 66.8% of papers have received at least one citation. Our findings show that both citations and social media metrics increase with the extent of collaboration and the length of the references list. On the other hand, while editorials and news items are seldom cited, it is these types of document that are the most popular on Twitter. Similarly, while longer papers typically attract more citations, an opposite trend is seen on social media platforms. Finally, contrary to what is observed for citations, it is papers in the Social Sciences and humanities that are the most often found on social media platforms. On the whole, these findings suggest that factors driving social media and citations are different. Therefore, social media metrics cannot actually be seen as alternatives to citations; at most, they may function as complements to other type of indicators. © 2015 Haustein et al."	N/A
Kraus S.; Breier M.; Lim W.M.; Dabić M.; Kumar S.; Kanbach D.; Mukherjee D.; Corvello V.; Piñeiro-Chousa J.; Liguori E.; Palacios-Marqués D.; Schiavone F.; Ferraris A.; Fernandes C.; Ferreira J.J.	Literature reviews as independent studies: guidelines for academic practice	2022	Review of Managerial Science	10.1007/s11846-022-00588-8	Review articles or literature reviews are a critical part of scientific research. While numerous guides on literature reviews exist, these are often limited to the philosophy of review procedures, protocols, and nomenclatures, triggering non-parsimonious reporting and confusion due to overlapping similarities. To address the aforementioned limitations, we adopt a pragmatic approach to demystify and shape the academic practice of conducting literature reviews. We concentrate on the types, focuses, considerations, methods, and contributions of literature reviews as independent, standalone studies. As such, our article serves as an overview that scholars can rely upon to navigate the fundamental elements of literature reviews as standalone and independent studies, without getting entangled in the complexities of review procedures, protocols, and nomenclatures. © 2022, The Author(s).	Bibliometrics; Contributions; Literature reviews; Meta Analysis; Methods
Di Stefano G.; Gambardella A.; Verona G.	Technology push and demand pull perspectives in innovation studies: Current findings and future research directions	2012	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2012.03.021	This study updates the debate on the sources of innovation. Using techniques like factor analysis, multidimensional scaling, and pathfinder analysis, we examine the most influential articles that have dealt with the topic. Our analysis provides three main findings. The first more precisely highlights the role of demand as a source of innovation. The second illustrates how competences enable firms to match technology with demand and capitalize on technology and demand as sources of innovation. The third unveils a distinction between external and internal sources of innovations. The sources of innovation can be purely external or internally generated competences that enable the firm to integrate external knowledge within its boundaries. Our work contributes to the classic debate by providing a more granular understanding of how technology and demand interact. In discussing our findings, we link our framework to strategy, innovation and entrepreneurship studies that expressly call for a better understanding of technology and demand factors in value creation and capture. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Demand pull, Innovation; Technology push
Merigó J.M.; Yang J.-B.	A bibliometric analysis of operations research and management science	2017	Omega (United Kingdom)	10.1016/j.omega.2016.12.004	Bibliometric analysis is the quantitative study of bibliographic material. It provides a general picture of a research field that can be classified by papers, authors and journals. This paper presents a bibliometric overview of research published in operations research and management science in recent decades. The main objective of this study is to identify some of the most relevant research in this field and some of the newest trends according to the information found in the Web of Science database. Several classifications are made, including an analysis of the most influential journals, the two hundred most cited papers of all time and the most productive and influential authors. The results obtained are in accordance with the common wisdom, although some variations are found. © 2016	Bibliometrics; History of OR; Management science; Operations research; Web of Science
Alryalat S.A.S.; Malkawi L.W.; Momani S.M.	Comparing bibliometric analysis using pubmed, scopus, and web of science databases	2019	Journal of Visualized Experiments	10.3791/58494	Literature databases (i.e., PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science) differ in terms of their coverage, focus, and the tool they provide. PubMed focuses mainly on life sciences and biomedical disciplines, whereas Scopus and Web of Science are multidisciplinary. The protocol described in the current study was used to search for publications from Jordanian authors in the years 2013-2017. In this protocol, how to use each database to conduct this type of search is explained in detail. A Scopus search resulted in the highest number of documents (11,444 documents), followed by a Web of Science search (10,943 documents). PubMed resulted in a smaller number of documents due to its narrower scope and coverage (4,363 documents). The results also show a yearly trend in: (1) the number of publications, (2) the disciplines that have the most publications, (3) the countries of collaboration, and (4) the number of open access publications. In contrast, PubMed has a sophisticated keyword optimization service (i.e., Medical Subject Heading, or MeSH), while both Scopus and Web of Science provide search analysis tools that can produce representative figures. Finally, the features of each database are explained in detail and several indices that can be extracted using the search results are provided. This study provides a base for using literature databases for bibliometric analysis. © 2019 Journal of Visualized Experiments.	Bibliometric Analysis; Bibliometry; Issue 152; Medicine; PubMed; Research; Scopus; Web of Science
Edwards A.M.; Isserlin R.; Bader G.D.; Frye S.V.; Willson T.M.; Yu F.H.	Too many roads not taken	2011	Nature	10.1038/470163a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Gaviria-Marin M.; Merigó J.M.; Baier-Fuentes H.	Knowledge management: A global examination based on bibliometric analysis	2019	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2018.07.006	Knowledge management (KM) is a field of research that has gained wide acceptance in the scientific community and management literature. This article presents a bibliometric overview of the academic research on KM in the business and management areas. Various bibliometric methods are used to perform this overview, including performance analysis and science mapping of the KM field. The performance analysis uses a series of bibliometric indicators, such as the h-index, productivity and citations. In addition, the VOSviewer software is used to map the bibliographic material. Science mapping uses co-citations and the concurrency of keywords. References were obtained from the Web of Science database. We identified and classified the most relevant research in the field according to journals, articles, authors, institutions and countries. The results show that research in this field has increased significantly in the last ten years and that the USA is the most influential country in all aspects in this field. It is important to consider, however, that science continues to advance in this and in all fields and that data rapidly change over time. Therefore, this paper fulfills an informational role that shows that most of the fundamental research of KM is in business and management areas. © 2018	Bibliometrics; Knowledge management; Web of Science
Page M.J.; Shamseer L.; Tricco A.C.	Registration of systematic reviews in PROSPERO: 30,000 records and counting	2018	Systematic Reviews	10.1186/s13643-018-0699-4	Background: The International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO) was launched in February 2011 to increase transparency of systematic reviews (SRs). There have been few investigations of the content and use of the database. We aimed to investigate the number of PROSPERO registrations from inception to 2017, and website usage in the last year. We also aimed to explore the epidemiological characteristics of and completeness of primary outcome pre-specification in a sample of PROSPERO records from 2017. Methods: The PROSPERO database managers provided us with data on the annual and cumulative number of SR registrations up to October 10, 2017, and the number of visits to the PROSPERO website over the year preceding October 10, 2017. One author collected data on the focus of the SR (e.g. therapeutic, diagnostic), health area addressed, funding source and completeness of outcome pre-specification in a random sample of 150 records of SRs registered in PROSPERO between April 1, 2017 and September 30, 2017. Results: As of October 10, 2017, there were 26,535 SRs registered in PROSPERO; guided by current monthly submission rates, we anticipate this figure will reach over 30,000 by the end of 2017. There has been a 10-fold increase in registrations, from 63 SRs per month in 2012 to 800 per month in 2017. In the year preceding October 10, 2017, the PROSPERO website received more than 1.75 million page views. In the random sample of 150 registered SRs, the majority were focused on a therapeutic question (78/150 [52%]), while only a few focused on a diagnostic/prognostic question (11/150 [7%]). The 150 registered SRs addressed 18 different health areas. Any information about the primary outcome other than the domain (e.g. timing, effect measures) was not pre-specified in 44/150 records (29%). Conclusions: Registration of SRs in PROSPERO increased rapidly between 2011 and 2017, thus benefiting users of health evidence who want to know about ongoing SRs. Further work is needed to explore how closely published SRs adhere to the planned methods, whether greater pre-specification of outcomes prevents selective inclusion and reporting of study results, and whether registered SRs address necessary questions. © 2018 The Author(s).	Methodology; Quality; Registration; Reporting; Systematic reviews
Hou J.; Yang X.; Chen C.	Emerging trends and new developments in information science: a document co-citation analysis (2009–2016)	2018	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-018-2695-9	Characterizing the structure of knowledge, the evolution of research topics, and the emergence of topics has always been an important part of information science (IS). Our previous scientometric review of IS provided a snapshot of this fast-growing field up to the end of 2008. This new study aims to identify emerging trends and new developments appearing in the subsequent 7574 articles published in 10 IS journals between 2009 and 2016, including 20,960 references. The results of a document co-citation analysis show great changes in the research topics in the IS domain. The positions of certain core topics found in the previous study, namely, information retrieval, webometrics, and citation behavior, have been replaced by scientometric indicators (H-index), citation analysis (citation performance and bibliometrics), scientific collaboration, and information behavior in the most recent period of 2009–2016. Dual-map overlays of journals show that the knowledge base of IS research has shifted considerably since 2010, with emerging topics including scientific evaluation indicators, altmetrics, science mapping and visualization, bibliometrics, citation analysis, and scientific collaboration. © 2018, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	CiteSpace; Co-citation analysis; Information science; Information visualization
Piwowar H.	Altmetrics: Value all research products	2013	Nature	10.1038/493159a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Kim S.-H.; Willis L.A.	Talking about obesity: News framing of who is responsible for causing and fixing the problem	2007	Journal of Health Communication	10.1080/10810730701326051	Analyzing newspaper articles and television news, we explore how American news media have framed the issue of obesity. More specifically, we analyze the way the media present the question of who is responsible for causing and fixing the problem. Our data reveal that over the last 10 years, mentions of personal causes and solutions significantly have outnumbered societal attributions of responsibility. Recently, however, a balance was established between individualistic and societal attributions of responsibility. Mentions of societal causes and solutions have increased considerably, whereas decreasing numbers of personal solutions have appeared in the media. Findings also indicate that television news is more likely than newspapers to mention personal solutions, but less likely to attribute the responsibility to society. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	N/A
Archambault É.; Vignola-Gagné É.; Côté G.; Larivière V.; Gingrasb Y.	Benchmarking scientific output in the social sciences and humanities: The limits of existing databases	2006	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-006-0115-z	The goal of this paper is to examine the impact of linguistic coverage of databases used by bibliometricians on the capacity to effectively benchmark the work of researchers in social sciences and humanities. We examine the strong link between bibliometrics and the Thomson Scientific's database and review the differences in the production and diffusion of knowledge in the social sciences and humanities (SSH) and the natural sciences and engineering (NSE). This leads to a re-examination of the debate on the coverage of these databases, more specifically in the SSH. The methods section explains how we have compared the coverage of Thomson Scientific databases in the NSE and SSH to the Ulrich extensive database of journals. Our results show that there is a 20 to 25% overrepresentation of English-language journals in Thomson Scientific's databases compared to the list of journals presented in Ulrich. This paper concludes that because of this bias, Thomson Scientific databases cannot be used in isolation to benchmark the output of countries in the SSH. Copyright © 2006 Akadémiai Kiadó.	N/A
Ding Y.	Scientific collaboration and endorsement: Network analysis of coauthorship and citation networks	2011	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2010.10.008	Scientific collaboration and endorsement are well-established research topics which utilize three kinds of methods: survey/questionnaire, bibliometrics, and complex network analysis. This paper combines topic modeling and path-finding algorithms to determine whether productive authors tend to collaborate with or cite researchers with the same or different interests, and whether highly cited authors tend to collaborate with or cite each other. Taking information retrieval as a test field, the results show that productive authors tend to directly coauthor with and closely cite colleagues sharing the same research interests; they do not generally collaborate directly with colleagues having different research topics, but instead directly or indirectly cite them; and highly cited authors do not generally coauthor with each other, but closely cite each other. © 2010.	Path-finding algorithm; Scientific collaboration; Scientific endorsement; Topic modeling
Vogel S.S.; Thaler C.; Koushik S.V.	Fanciful FRET.	2006	Science's STKE : signal transduction knowledge environment	10.1126/stke.3312006re2	The validity of experiments based on Förster resonance energy transfer (FRET), an imaging technique widely used to measure protein-protein interactions in living cells, critically depends on the accurate and precise measurement of FRET efficiency. The use of FRET standards to determine FRET efficiency, and a consideration of such factors as how the abundance of FRET acceptors and the stoichiometry of donors and acceptors in a molecular complex can affect measured FRET efficiency, will enhance the usefulness with which FRET experiments can be interpreted.	N/A
Van Noorden R.	Interdisciplinary research by the numbers	2015	Nature	10.1038/525306a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Stenson P.D.; Mort M.; Ball E.V.; Chapman M.; Evans K.; Azevedo L.; Hayden M.; Heywood S.; Millar D.S.; Phillips A.D.; Cooper D.N.	The Human Gene Mutation Database (HGMD®): optimizing its use in a clinical diagnostic or research setting	2020	Human Genetics	10.1007/s00439-020-02199-3	The Human Gene Mutation Database (HGMD®) constitutes a comprehensive collection of published germline mutations in nuclear genes that are thought to underlie, or are closely associated with human inherited disease. At the time of writing (June 2020), the database contains in excess of 289,000 different gene lesions identified in over 11,100 genes manually curated from 72,987 articles published in over 3100 peer-reviewed journals. There are primarily two main groups of users who utilise HGMD on a regular basis; research scientists and clinical diagnosticians. This review aims to highlight how to make the most out of HGMD data in each setting. © 2020, The Author(s).	N/A
Richardson C.R.; Newton T.L.; Abraham J.J.; Sen A.; Jimbo M.; Swartz A.M.	A meta-analysis of pedometer-based walking interventions and weight loss	2008	Annals of Family Medicine	10.1370/afm.761	PURPOSE: Cross-sectional studies show that individuals who walk more tend to be thinner than those who walk less. This does not mean, however, that the association between higher step counts and lower weight is causal or that encouraging sedentary individuals to increase step counts helps them lose weight. METHODS: In this meta-analysis, we searched 6 electronic databases and contacted pedometer experts to identify pedometer-based walking studies without a dietary intervention that reported weight change as an outcome. We included randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies published after January 1, 1995, in either English or Japanese, with 5 or more adult participants and at least 1 cohort enrolled in a pedometer-based walking intervention lasting at least 4 weeks. RESULTS: Nine studies met the study inclusion criteria. Cohort sample size ranged from 15 to 106, for a total of 307 participants, 73% of whom were women and 27% of whom were men. The duration of the intervention ranged from 4 weeks to 1 year, with a median duration of 16 weeks. The pooled estimate of mean weight change from baseline using a fixed-effects model and combining data from all 9 cohorts was -1.27 kg (95% confidence interval, -1.85 to -0.70 kg). Longer intervention duration was associated with greater weight change. On average, participants lost 0.05 kg per week during the interventions. CONCLUSION: Pedometer-based walking programs result in a modest amount of weight loss. Longer programs lead to more weight loss than shorter programs.	Exercise; Obesity; Overweight; Pedometer; Physical activity; Walking; Weight loss
Anker A.E.; Reinhart A.M.; Feeley T.H.	Health information seeking: A review of measures and methods	2011	Patient Education and Counseling	10.1016/j.pec.2010.12.008	Objective: Outlines the methods and measures commonly used to study active health information seeking and prescribes important considerations in advancing the study of patient information seeking. Methods: A systematic review of the literature from 1978 to 2010. A single bibliometric database, PsychInfo, identified 648 articles of health information seeking. The 129 articles included in the review were coded by type of sample, measures (n=12) utilized to study health information seeking, and types of study methods (n=5). Results: A majority of studies used non-clinical samples and measured general health information seeking (i.e., whether the participant engaged in a search for health information) through cross-sectional study designs. Conclusions: There are varying samples, measures, and designs used to identify those who do or do not seek health information. Future research should look into how health information seeking influences health management and should uncover the social and relational functions of health information seeking using more advanced (and less routinely applied) measures and methods of studying health information seeking. Practice implications: More people are actively searching for health information and health providers should address this in their discussions with patients. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.	Critical review; Health information seeking
Leung X.Y.; Sun J.; Bai B.	Bibliometrics of social media research: A co-citation and co-word analysis	2017	International Journal of Hospitality Management	10.1016/j.ijhm.2017.06.012	This study combined two bibliometric analysis methods to provide a systematic and holistic review of social media-related academic literature. A total of 406 publications related to social media between 2007 and 2016 were identified from 16 business and hospitality/tourism journals. Co-citation analysis identified Word-of-Mouth as the major theoretical foundation of social media research in business, while the hospitality/tourism field presented a diverse theoretical foundation. The study then employed co-word analysis to identify the evolution of research themes over time in both fields. The comparison of social media research between the two fields highlighted four similarities, including the growth of research over time, the term “social media” gaining popularity, the new trend of social networking sites, and managerial applications as research focus. Finally, the study called for a future research agenda on social media research in the hospitality/tourism field. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Business; Co-citation analysis; Co-word analysis; Hospitality/tourism; Literature review; Social media
Pai M.; McCulloch M.; Gorman J.D.; Pai N.; Enanoria W.; Kennedy G.; Tharyan P.; Colford Jr. J.M.	Systematic reviews and meta-analyses: An illustrated, step-by-step guide	2004	National Medical Journal of India	N/A	Systematic reviews and meta-analyses synthesize data from existing primary research, and well-conducted reviews offer clinicians a practical solution to the problem of staying current in their fields of interest. A whole generation of secondary journals, pre-appraised evidence libraries and periodically updated electronic texts are now available to clinicians. However, not all systematic reviews are of high quality, and it is important to be able to critically assess their validity and applicability. This article is an Illustrated guide for conducting systematic reviews. A clear understanding of the process will provide clinicians with the tools to judiciously appraise reviews and interpret them. We hope that it will enable clinicians to conduct systematic reviews, generate high-quality evidence, and contribute to the evidence-based medicine movement. © The National Medical Journal of India 2004.	N/A
Waltman L.; Calero-Medina C.; Kosten J.; Noyons E.C.M.; Tijssen R.J.W.; Van Eck N.J.; Van Leeuwen T.N.; Van Raan A.F.J.; Visser M.S.; Wouters P.	The Leiden ranking 2011/2012: Data collection, indicators, and interpretation	2012	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22708	The Leiden Ranking 2011/2012 is a ranking of universities based on bibliometric indicators of publication output, citation impact, and scientific collaboration. The ranking includes 500 major universities from 41 different countries. This paper provides an extensive discussion of the Leiden Ranking 2011/2012. The ranking is compared with other global university rankings, in particular the Academic Ranking of World Universities (commonly known as the Shanghai Ranking) and the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. The comparison focuses on the methodological choices underlying the different rankings. Also, a detailed description is offered of the data collection methodology of the Leiden Ranking 2011/2012 and of the indicators used in the ranking. Various innovations in the Leiden Ranking 2011/2012 are presented. These innovations include (1) an indicator based on counting a university's highly cited publications, (2) indicators based on fractional rather than full counting of collaborative publications, (3) the possibility of excluding non-English language publications, and (4) the use of stability intervals. Finally, some comments are made on the interpretation of the ranking and a number of limitations of the ranking are pointed out. © 2012 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; citation analysis
Fagerberg J.; Fosaas M.; Sapprasert K.	Innovation: Exploring the knowledge base	2012	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2012.03.008	"New types of knowledge, and new ways of organising the production of it, may emerge as knowledge producers respond to the challenges posed by a changing society. This paper focuses on the core knowledge of one such emerging field, namely, innovation studies. To explore the knowledge base of the field, a database of references in scholarly surveys of various aspects of innovation, published in ""handbooks"", is assembled and a new methodology for analysing the knowledge base of a field with the help of such data is developed. The paper identifies the core contributions to the literature in this area, the most central scholars and important research environments, and analyses - with the help of citations in scholarly journals - how the core literature is used by researchers in different scientific disciplines and cross-disciplinary fields. Based on this information a cluster analysis is used to draw inferences about the structure of the knowledge base on innovation. Finally, the changing character of the field over time is analysed, and possible challenges for its continuing development are discussed. © 2012 Elsevier B.V."	Bibliometrics; Handbooks; Innovation studies; New scientific fields; Specialisms
Lozano G.A.; Larivière V.; Gingras Y.	The weakening relationship between the impact factor and papers' citations in the digital age	2012	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22731	Historically, papers have been physically bound to the journal in which they were published; but in the digital age papers are available individually, no longer tied to their respective journals. Hence, papers now can be read and cited based on their own merits, independently of the journal's physical availability, reputation, or impact factor (IF). We compare the strength of the relationship between journals' IFs and the actual citations received by their respective papers from 1902 to 2009. Throughout most of the 20th century, papers' citation rates were increasingly linked to their respective journals' IFs. However, since 1990, the advent of the digital age, the relation between IFs and paper citations has been weakening. This began first in physics, a field that was quick to make the transition into the electronic domain. Furthermore, since 1990 the overall proportion of highly cited papers coming from highly cited journals has been decreasing and, of these highly cited papers, the proportion not coming from highly cited journals has been increasing. Should this pattern continue, it might bring an end to the use of the IF as a way to evaluate the quality of journals, papers, and researchers. © 2012 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; impact factor
Fu H.-Z.; Wang M.-H.; Ho Y.-S.	Mapping of drinking water research: A bibliometric analysis of research output during 1992-2011	2013	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2012.11.061	A bibliometric analysis based on the Science Citation Index Expanded from the Web of Science was carried out to provide insights into research activities and tendencies of the global drinking water from 1992 to 2011. Study emphases included performance of publication covering annual outputs, mainstream journals, Web of Science categories, leading countries, institutions, research tendencies and hotspots. The results indicated that annual output of the related scientific articles increased steadily. Water Research, Environmental Science & Technology, and Journal American Water Works Association were the three most common journals in drinking water research. The USA took a leading position out of 168 countries/territories, followed by Japan and Germany. A summary of the most frequently used keywords obtained from words in paper title analysis, author keyword analysis and KeyWords Plus analysis provided the clues to discover the current research emphases. The mainstream research related to drinking water was water treatment methods and the related contaminants. Disinfection process and consequent disinfection by-products attracted much attention. Ozonation and chlorination in disinfection, and adsorption were common techniques and are getting popular. Commonly researched drinking water contaminants concerned arsenic, nitrate, fluoride, lead, and cadmium, and pharmaceuticals emerged as the frequently studied contaminants in recent years. Disease caused by contaminants strongly promoted the development of related research. © 2012 Elsevier B.V.	Drinking water; Global research trend; Keyword; SCI-Expanded; Scientometrics
Ellemers N.; van der Toorn J.; Paunov Y.; van Leeuwen T.	The Psychology of Morality: A Review and Analysis of Empirical Studies Published From 1940 Through 2017	2019	Personality and Social Psychology Review	10.1177/1088868318811759	We review empirical research on (social) psychology of morality to identify which issues and relations are well documented by existing data and which areas of inquiry are in need of further empirical evidence. An electronic literature search yielded a total of 1,278 relevant research articles published from 1940 through 2017. These were subjected to expert content analysis and standardized bibliometric analysis to classify research questions and relate these to (trends in) empirical approaches that characterize research on morality. We categorize the research questions addressed in this literature into five different themes and consider how empirical approaches within each of these themes have addressed psychological antecedents and implications of moral behavior. We conclude that some key features of theoretical questions relating to human morality are not systematically captured in empirical research and are in need of further investigation. © 2019 by the Society for Personality and Social Psychology, Inc.	moral behavior; moral emotions; moral judgment; moral reasoning; moral self-views
Jean-François G.; Laetitia R.; Stefan D.	Is the coverage of google scholar enough to be used alone for systematic reviews	2013	BMC Medical Informatics and Decision Making	10.1186/1472-6947-13-7	Background: In searches for clinical trials and systematic reviews, it is said that Google Scholar (GS) should never be used in isolation, but in addition to PubMed, Cochrane, and other trusted sources of information. We therefore performed a study to assess the coverage of GS specifically for the studies included in systematic reviews and evaluate if GS was sensitive enough to be used alone for systematic reviews. Methods. All the original studies included in 29 systematic reviews published in the Cochrane Database Syst Rev or in the JAMA in 2009 were gathered in a gold standard database. GS was searched for all these studies one by one to assess the percentage of studies which could have been identified by searching only GS. Results: All the 738 original studies included in the gold standard database were retrieved in GS (100%). Conclusion: The coverage of GS for the studies included in the systematic reviews is 100%. If the authors of the 29 systematic reviews had used only GS, no reference would have been missed. With some improvement in the research options, to increase its precision, GS could become the leading bibliographic database in medicine and could be used alone for systematic reviews. © 2013 Gehanno et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Google scholar; Information retrieval methods; Systematic reviews
Racine E.; Waldman S.; Rosenberg J.; Illes J.	Contemporary neuroscience in the media	2010	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/j.socscimed.2010.05.017	Technological innovations in neuroscience have opened new windows to the understanding of brain function and the neuronal underpinnings of brain activity in neuropsychiatric disorders and social behavior. Public interest and support for neuroscience research through initiatives like the Decade of the Brain project and increasingly diverse brain-related initiatives have created new interfaces between neuroscience and society. Against this backdrop of dynamic innovation, we set out to examine how different features of neuroscience are depicted in print media. We used the 'guided news' function of the LexisNexis Academic database with keyword searches to find news articles published between 1995 and 2004 in major U.S. and U.K. English-language news sources. We performed searches on headlines, lead paragraphs, and body terms to maximize search yields. All articles were coded for overall tone of coverage, details on reported studies, presence of ethical, legal, and social discussion as well as the emerging interpretations of neuroscience - in the form of neuro-essentialism, neuro-realism, and neuro-policy. We found that print media coverage of the use of neurotechnology for diagnosis or therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders was generally optimistic. We also found that, even within articles that were identified as research reports, many did not provide details about research studies. We also gained additional insights into the previously identified phenomena of neuro-essentialism, neuro-realism, and neuro-policy showing some profound impacts of neuroscience on personal identity and policy-making. Our results highlight the implications of transfer of neuroscience knowledge to society given the substantial and authoritative weight ascribed to neuroscience knowledge in defining who we are. We also discuss the impact of these findings on neuroscience and on the respective contributions of the social sciences and the biological sciences in contemporary psychiatry and mental health policy. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.	Ethics; Functional magnetic resonance imaging; Neuroimaging; Neuroscience; Neurostimulation; Print media; Psychiatry; UK; USA
Bornmann L.; Leydesdorff L.	Scientometrics in a changing research landscape: Bibliometrics has become an integral part of research quality evaluation and has been changing the practice of research	2014	EMBO Reports	10.15252/embr.201439608	[No abstract available]	N/A
Liang T.-P.; Liu Y.-H.	Research Landscape of Business Intelligence and Big Data analytics: A bibliometrics study	2018	Expert Systems with Applications	10.1016/j.eswa.2018.05.018	Business Intelligence that applies data analytics to generate key information to support business decision making, has been an important area for more than two decades. In the last five years, the trend of “Big Data” has emerged and become a core element of Business Intelligence research. In this article, we review academic literature associated with “Big Data” and “Business Intelligence” to explore the development and research trends. We use bibliometric methods to analyze publications from 1990 to 2017 in journals indexed in Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (AHCI). We map the time trend, disciplinary distribution, high-frequency keywords to show emerging topics. The findings indicate that Computer Science and management information systems are two core disciplines that drive research associated with Big Data and Business Intelligence. “Data mining” “social media” and “information system” are high frequency keywords, but “cloud computing” “data warehouse” and “knowledge management” are more emphasized after 2016. © 2018	Bibliometrics; Big Data analytics; Business Intelligence; Research trend
Man J.P.; Weinkauf J.G.; Tsang M.; Sin D.D.	Why do some countries publish more than others? An international comparison of research funding, English proficiency and publication output in highly ranked general medical journals	2004	European Journal of Epidemiology	10.1023/B:EJEP.0000036571.00320.b8	National factor(s) influencing publication output in the highest ranked medical journals are largely unknown. We sought to examine the relationship between national research funding and English proficiency on publication output. We identified all original research articles appearing in the five highest ranked general medical journals between 1997 and 2001. Using the country of the corresponding author as the source nation for each article, we determined a standardized publication rate across developed nations. We used multiple regression techniques to determine the influence of national expenditures on research and scores from the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL), a surrogate for English proficiency, on publication output. There was a significant relationship of national spending on research and TOEFL scores to publication output of developed countries (p = 0.04; p < 0.01, respectively). These two variables explained approximately 71.5% of the variation in publication rate across developed nations around the world (R = 0.85; p < 0.01). Normalized for population size, English-speaking nations and certain northern European countries such as Denmark, The Netherlands, Switzerland, and Sweden had the highest rate of publication in the five highest ranked general medical journals, while Asian countries had generally low rates of publication. Research spending and English proficiency were strongly associated with publication output in the highest ranked general medical journals. While these data cannot be considered definitive due to their observational nature, they do suggest that for English-language medical journals, research funding and English proficiency may be important determinants of publication. © 2004 Kluwer Academic Publishers.	International comparison; Publication; Research funding
Cronin B.	Bibliometrics and beyond: some thoughts on web-based citation analysis	2001	Journal of Information Science	10.1177/016555150102700101	The idea of a unified citation index to the literature of science was first outlined by Eugene Garfield in 1955 in the journal Science. Science Citation Index has since established itself as the gold standard for scientific information retrieval. It has also become the database of choice for citation analysts and evaluative bibliometricians worldwide. As scientific publication moves to the web, and novel approaches to scholarly communication and peer review establish themselves, new methods of citation and link analysis will emerge to capture often liminal expressions of peer esteem, influence and approbation. The web thus affords bibliometricians rich opportunities to apply and adapt their techniques to new contexts and content: the age of 'bibliometric spectroscopy' is dawning.	N/A
Lee J.; Kraus K.L.; Couldwell W.T.	Use of the h index in neurosurgery: Clinical article	2009	Journal of Neurosurgery	10.3171/2008.10.JNS08978	Object. Assessing academic productivity through simple quantification may overlook key information, and the use of statistical enumeration of academic output is growing. The h index, which incorporates both the total number of publications and the citations of those publications, has been recently proposed as an objective measure of academic productivity. The authors used several tools to calculate the h index for academic neurosurgeons to provide a basis for evaluating publishing by physicians. Methods. The h index of randomly selected academic neurosurgeons from a sample of one-third of the academic programs in the US was calculated using data from Google Scholar and from the Scopus database. The mean h index for each academic rank was determined. The h indices were also correlated with various other factors (such as time spent practicing neurosurgery, authorship position) to identify how these factors influenced the h index. The h indices were then compared with other citation statistics to evaluate the robustness of this metric. Finally, h indices were also calculated for a sampling of physicians in other medical specialties for comparison. Results. As expected, the h index increased with academic rank and there was a statistically significant difference between each rank. A weighting based on position of authorship did not affect h indices. The h index was positively correlated with time since American Board of Neurological Surgery certification, and it was also correlated with other citation metrics. A comparison among medical specialties supports the assertion that h index values may not be comparable between fields, even closely related specialties. Conclusions. The h index appears to be a robust statistic for comparing academic output of neurosurgeons. Within the field of academic neurosurgery, clear differences of h indices between academic ranks exist. On average, an increase of the h index by 5 appears to correspond to the next highest academic rank, with the exception of chairperson. The h index can be used as a tool, along with other evaluations, to evaluate an individual's productivity in the academic advancement process within the field of neurosurgery but should not be used for comparisons across medical specialties.	Bibliometrics; Citations; H index; Impact
Szucs D.; Ioannidis J.P.	Sample size evolution in neuroimaging research: An evaluation of highly-cited studies (1990–2012) and of latest practices (2017–2018) in high-impact journals	2020	NeuroImage	10.1016/j.neuroimage.2020.117164	We evaluated 1038 of the most cited structural and functional (fMRI) magnetic resonance brain imaging papers (1161 studies) published during 1990–2012 and 270 papers (300 studies) published in top neuroimaging journals in 2017 and 2018. 96% of highly cited experimental fMRI studies had a single group of participants and these studies had median sample size of 12, highly cited clinical fMRI studies (with patient participants) had median sample size of 14.5, and clinical structural MRI studies had median sample size of 50. The sample size of highly cited experimental fMRI studies increased at a rate of 0.74 participant/year and this rate of increase was commensurate with the median sample sizes of neuroimaging studies published in top neuroimaging journals in 2017 (23 participants) and 2018 (24 participants). Only 4 of 131 papers in 2017 and 5 of 142 papers in 2018 had pre-study power calculations, most for single t-tests and correlations. Only 14% of highly cited papers reported the number of excluded participants whereas 49% of papers with their own data in 2017 and 2018 reported excluded participants. Publishers and funders should require pre-study power calculations necessitating the specification of effect sizes. The field should agree on universally required reporting standards. Reporting formats should be standardized so that crucial study parameters could be identified unequivocally. © 2020	N/A
Marx R.G.; Wilson S.M.; Swiontkowski M.F.	Updating the assignment of levels of evidence	2015	Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery - American Volume	10.2106/JBJS.N.01112	[No abstract available]	N/A
Quer G.; Arnaout R.; Henne M.; Arnaout R.	Machine Learning and the Future of Cardiovascular Care: JACC State-of-the-Art Review	2021	Journal of the American College of Cardiology	10.1016/j.jacc.2020.11.030	The role of physicians has always been to synthesize the data available to them to identify diagnostic patterns that guide treatment and follow response. Today, increasingly sophisticated machine learning algorithms may grow to support clinical experts in some of these tasks. Machine learning has the potential to benefit patients and cardiologists, but only if clinicians take an active role in bringing these new algorithms into practice. The aim of this review is to introduce clinicians who are not data science experts to key concepts in machine learning that will allow them to better understand the field and evaluate new literature and developments. The current published data in machine learning for cardiovascular disease is then summarized, using both a bibliometric survey, with code publicly available to enable similar analysis for any research topic of interest, and select case studies. Finally, several ways that clinicians can and must be involved in this emerging field are presented. © 2021 The Authors	artificial intelligence; bibliometric analysis; cardiology; deep learning; literature search; machine learning
Haghani M.; Bliemer M.C.J.; Goerlandt F.; Li J.	The scientific literature on Coronaviruses, COVID-19 and its associated safety-related research dimensions: A scientometric analysis and scoping review	2020	Safety Science	10.1016/j.ssci.2020.104806	The COVID-19 global pandemic has generated an abundance of research quickly following the outbreak. Within only a few months, more than a thousand studies on this topic have already appeared in the scientific literature. In this short review, we analyse the bibliometric aspects of these studies on a macro level, as well as those addressing Coronaviruses in general. Furthermore, through a scoping analysis of the literature on COVID-19, we identify the main safety-related dimensions that these studies have thus far addressed. Our findings show that across various research domains, and apart from the medical and clinical aspects such as the safety of vaccines and treatments, issues related to patient transport safety, occupational safety of healthcare professionals, biosafety of laboratories and facilities, social safety, food safety, and particularly mental/psychological health and domestic safety have thus far attracted most attention of the scientific community in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our analysis also uncovers various potentially significant safety problems caused by this global health emergency which currently have attracted only limited scientific focus but may warrant more attention. These include matters such as cyber safety, economic safety, and supply-chain safety. These findings highlight why, from an academic research perspective, a holistic interdisciplinary approach and a collective scientific effort is required to help understand and mitigate the various safety impacts of this crisis whose implications reach far beyond the bio-medical risks. Such holistic safety-scientific understanding of the COVID-19 crisis can furthermore be instrumental to be better prepared for a future pandemic. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd	2019-nCov; COVID-19; Novel coronavirus; Safety
Glänzel W.; Schoepflin U.	A bibliometric study of reference literature in the sciences and social sciences	1999	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/S0306-4573(98)00028-4	In earlier papers the authors focused on differences in the ageing of journal literature in science and the social sciences. It was shown that for several fields and topics bibliometric standard indicators based on journal articles need to be modified in order to provide valid results. In fields where monographs, books or reports are important means of scientific information, standard models of scientific communication are not reflected by journal literature alone. To identify fields where the role of nonserial literature is considerable or critical in terms of bibliometric standard methods, the totality of the bibliographic citations indexed in the 1993 annual cumulation of the SCI and SSCI databases, have been processed. The analysis is based on three indicators, the percentage of references to serials, the mean references age, and the mean reference rate. Applications of these measures at different levels of aggregation (i.e., to journals in selected science and social science fields) lead to the following conclusions. 1. The percentage of references to serials proved to be a sensitive measure to characterise typical differences in the communication behaviour between the sciences and the social sciences. 2. However, there is an overlap zone which includes fields like mathematics, technology oriented science, and some social science areas. 3. In certain social sciences part of the information seems even to be originated in non-scientific sources: references to non-serials do not always represent monographs, preprints or reports. Consequently, the model of information transfer from scientific literature to scientific (journal) literature assumed by standard bibliometrics requires substantial revision before valid results can be expected through its application to social science areas. © 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.	N/A
Mao G.; Huang N.; Chen L.; Wang H.	Research on biomass energy and environment from the past to the future: A bibliometric analysis	2018	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2018.04.173	The development and utilization of biomass energy can help to change the ways of energy production and consumption and establish a sustainable energy system that can effectively promote the development of the national economy and strengthen the protection of the environment. Here,we perform a bibliometric analysis of 9514 literature reports in the Web of Science Core Collection searched with the key words “Biomass energy” and “Environment*” date from 1998 to 2017; hot topics in the research and development of biomass energy utilization, as well as the status and development trends of biomass energy utilization and the environment, were analyzed based on content analysis and bibliometrics. The interaction between biomass energy and the environment began to become a major concern as the research progressively deepened. This work is of great significance for the development and utilization of biomass energy to put forward specific suggestions and strategies based on the analysis and demonstration of relationships and interactions between biomass energy utilization and environment. It is also useful to researchers for selecting the future research topics. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Biomass energy; Environment
Falagas M.E.; Alexiou V.G.	The top-ten in journal impact factor manipulation	2008	Archivum Immunologiae et Therapiae Experimentalis	10.1007/s00005-008-0024-5	"A considerable part of the scientific community is, at least to some degree, involved in the ""impact factor game"". Editors strive to increase their journals' impact factor (IF) in order to gain influence in the fields of basic and applied research and scientists seek to profit from the ""added value"" of publishing in top IF journals. In this article we point out the most common ""tricks"" of engineering and manipulating the IF undertaken by a portion of professionals of the scientific publishing industry. They attempt to increase the nominator or decrease the denominator of the IF equation by taking advantage of certain design flaws and disadvantages of the IF that permit a degree of artificial and arbitrary inflation. Some of these practices, if not scientifically unethical, are at least questionable and should be abandoned. Editors and publishers should strive for quality through fair and thoughtful selection of papers forwarded for peer review and editorial comments that enhance the quality and scientific accuracy of a manuscript. © 2008 Birkhaueser."	Citation; Editorial policies; Research funding; Scientific productivity; Scientific quality; Self-citation
Chang Y.-W.; Huang M.-H.; Lin C.-W.	Evolution of research subjects in library and information science based on keyword, bibliographical coupling, and co-citation analyses	2015	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-015-1762-8	This study involved using three methods, namely keyword, bibliographic coupling, and co-citation analyses, for tracking the changes of research subjects in library and information science (LIS) during 4 periods (5 years each) between 1995 and 2014. We examined 580 highly cited LIS articles, and the results revealed that the two subjects “information seeking (IS) and information retrieval (IR)” and “bibliometrics” appeared in all 4 phases. However, a decreasing trend was observed in the percentage of articles related to IS and IR, whereas an increasing trend was identified in the percentage of articles focusing on bibliometrics. Particularly, in the 3rd phase (2005–2009), the proportion of articles on bibliometrics exceeded 80 %, indicating that bibliometrics became predominant. Combining various methods to explore research trends in certain disciplines facilitates a deeper understanding for researchers of the development of disciplines. © 2015, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliographical coupling; Co-citation; Keyword analysis; Library and information science
Zhao X.; Zuo J.; Wu G.; Huang C.	A bibliometric review of green building research 2000–2016	2019	Architectural Science Review	10.1080/00038628.2018.1485548	This study presents a summary of green building research through a bibliometric approach. A total of 2980 articles published in 2000–2016 were reviewed and analyzed. The results indicated that green building research had been concentrated on the subject categories of engineering, environmental sciences & ecology, and construction & building technology, and the keywords ‘building envelope’ and ‘living wall’ obtained citation bursts in the recent years. Additionally, based on the cluster analysis and content analysis, the hot research topics were identified: green and cool roof, vertical greening systems, water efficiency, occupants’ comfort and satisfaction, financial benefits of green building, life cycle assessment and rating systems, green retrofit, green building project delivery, and information and communication technologies in green building. Knowledge gaps were detected in the areas of corporate social responsibility, the validation of real performance of green building, the ICT application in green building, as well as the safety and health risks in the construction process of green projects. Future research directions are recommended to fill these gaps and extend the body of green building research. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	bibliometrics; energy; Green building; review; sustainability
Chen K.; Zhang Y.; Fu X.	International research collaboration: An emerging domain of innovation studies?	2019	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2018.08.005	International research collaboration (IRC) has been increasingly important as an emerging area of innovation studies. This study reviews the intellectual base, main research trajectories and intellectual communities of the IRC research domain over the period 1957–2015. It integrates qualitative review and three quantitative analyses including co-citation network analysis, main path analysis and bibliographic coupling analysis. The results show that the IRC research has gone through three phases, namely, “emergence” (1957–1991), “fermentation” (1992–2005) and “take-off” (2006–2015) phases. The co-citation network analysis confirms that the IRC research field has been developed under the influence of two pioneering studies related to bibliometrics research. The main research trajectories in IRC studies over the three development phases and over the whole period are identified based on the main path analysis, which shows that co-authorship analysis is the main research method in IRC studies. A bibliographic coupling analysis suggests that the whole IRC research domain can be classified into five distinct intellectual areas: drivers of IRC, IRC patterns, IRC effects, IRC networks and IRC measurement. Seven topics for future research are also identified. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliographic coupling analysis; Co-citation network analysis; Evolution and future research agenda; International research collaboration; Main path analysis
Bonilla C.A.; Merigó J.M.; Torres-Abad C.	Economics in Latin America: a bibliometric analysis	2015	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-015-1747-7	Bibliometrics is a research field that studies quantitatively the bibliographic material. This study analyzes the academic research developed in Latin America in economics between 1994 and 2013. The article uses the Web of Science database in order to collect the information and provides several bibliometric indicators including the total number of publications and citations, and the h-index. The results indicate that Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Argentina and Colombia are the only countries with a significant amount of publications in economics in Web of Science although Costa Rica and Uruguay have considerable results in per capita terms. The annual evolution shows a significant increase during the last 5 years that seems to continue in the future, probably with the objective of reaching similar standards than the most competitive countries around the World. The results also show that development, agricultural and health economics are the most significant topics in the region. © 2015, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Economics; Latin America; Web of Science
Fakhar Manesh M.; Pellegrini M.M.; Marzi G.; Dabic M.	Knowledge Management in the Fourth Industrial Revolution: Mapping the Literature and Scoping Future Avenues	2021	IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management	10.1109/TEM.2019.2963489	Due to increased competitive pressure, modern organizations tend to rely on knowledge and its exploitation to sustain a long-term advantage. This calls for a precise understanding of knowledge management (KM) processes and, specifically, how knowledge is created, shared/transferred, acquired, stored/retrieved, and applied throughout an organizational system. However, since the beginning of the new millennium, such KM processes have been deeply affected and molded by the advent of the fourth industrial revolution, also called Industry 4.0, which involves the interconnectedness of machines and their ability to learn and share data autonomously. For this reason, the present article investigates the intellectual structure and trends of KM in Industry 4.0. Bibliometric analysis and a systematic literature review are conducted on a total of 90 relevant articles. The results reveal six clusters of keywords, subsequently explored via a systematic literature review to identify potential stream of this emergent field and future research avenues capable of producing meaningful advances in managerial knowledge of Industry 4.0 and its consequences.  © 1988-2012 IEEE.	Bibliometrics; big data; condition monitoring; cyber physical system (CPS); cyber-physical production systems; digital economy; digital transformation; forecasting; fourth industrial revolution; future research; Industry 4.0; Internet of Things (IoT); knowledge management (KM); knowledge sharing; literature review; manufacturing innovations; smart factory; technology foresight
Eysenbach G.; Kohler C.	What is the prevalence of health-related searches on the World Wide Web? Qualitative and quantitative analysis of search engine queries on the internet.	2003	AMIA ... Annual Symposium proceedings / AMIA Symposium. AMIA Symposium	N/A	"While health information is often said to be the most sought after information on the web, empirical data on the actual frequency of health-related searches on the web are missing. In the present study we aimed to determine the prevalence of health-related searches on the web by analyzing search terms entered by people into popular search engines. We also made some preliminary attempts in qualitatively describing and classifying these searches. Occasional difficulties in determining what constitutes a ""health-related"" search led us to propose and validate a simple method to automatically classify a search string as ""health-related"". This method is based on determining the proportion of pages on the web containing the search string and the word ""health"", as a proportion of the total number of pages with the search string alone. Using human codings as gold standard we plotted a ROC curve and determined empirically that if this ""co-occurance rate"" is larger than 35%, the search string can be said to be health-related (sensitivity: 85.2%, specificity 80.4%). The results of our ""human"" codings of search queries determined that about 4.5% of all searches are ""health-related"". We estimate that globally a minimum of 6.75 Million health-related searches are being conducted on the web every day, which is roughly the same number of searches that have been conducted on the NLM Medlars system in 1996 in a full year."	N/A
Zhao L.; Deng J.; Sun P.; Liu J.; Ji Y.; Nakada N.; Qiao Z.; Tanaka H.; Yang Y.	Nanomaterials for treating emerging contaminants in water by adsorption and photocatalysis: Systematic review and bibliometric analysis	2018	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2018.02.006	Emerging contaminants in the aquatic environment have become a worldwide problem. Conventional wastewater treatment processes are ineffective for eliminating the emerging contaminants at trace concentrations. Nanomaterials possessing novel size-dependent properties, however, have shown great potential for removing these contaminants. Herein we reviewed nanomaterials reported for removing emerging contaminants by adsorption and/or photocatalysis, and their removal capacity, mechanism, and influencing factors are discussed. Meanwhile, a large-scale bibliometric analysis is conducted on the trends of the emerging contaminants, nanoadsorbents, nanophotocatalysts, and related research topics from the literature during 1998–2017. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Adsorption; Bibliometrics; Emerging contaminants; Nano; Photocatalysis
Wang Q.; Su M.	Integrating blockchain technology into the energy sector - From theory of blockchain to research and application of energy blockchain	2020	Computer Science Review	10.1016/j.cosrev.2020.100275	Blockchain technology has been ushering in nothing short of a decentralized revolution. Distributed/decentralized energy is recognized the best way to ensure energy sustainability in the future. An open question is what promise the integration of blockchain and energy hold for energy future. This paper systematically reviews the theory of blockchain and explores the current status of energy blockchain research and applications using a visual bibliometric analysis method and the Scopus database from 2014 to 2020. The results show that the number of publications about blockchain technology in the energy sector have been skyrocketing, especially since 2018, which indicates the combining blockchain technology with energy sector is a new cross-cutting research area with increasing attention. At the national level, developing countries begin to move to the world stage, catching up or even surpassing several traditional developed countries in the field of energy blockchain. Cluster analysis results show that the existing energy blockchain research focuses on renewable energy, trying to solve the bottlenecks in its development process, and providing better solutions for the replacement of fossil energy by renewable energy. We therefore contend that blockchain may be fueling the renewable energy and powering our energy sustainability. Finally, the possible future development trend of energy blockchain is offered.  © 2020 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Blockchain; Cluster analysis; Energy blockchain; Systematic literature review
Xin L.; Liao Z.; Jiang Y.-P.; Li Z.-S.	Indications, detectability, positive findings, total enteroscopy, and complications of diagnostic double-balloon endoscopy: A systematic review of data over the first decade of use	2011	Gastrointestinal Endoscopy	10.1016/j.gie.2011.03.1239	Background: Double-balloon endoscopy (DBE) has been used in clinical practice for nearly 10 years. Objective: To systematically collect and produce pooled data on indications, detection rate, total enteroscopy, complications, and the composition of positive findings in diagnostic DBE. Design: A systematic review. Main Outcome Measurements: We searched PubMed between January 1, 2001 and March 31, 2010 for original articles about DBE evaluation of small-bowel diseases. Data on total number of procedures, distribution of indications, pooled detection rate, pooled total enteroscopy rate, and composition of positive findings were extracted and/or calculated. In addition, the data involving DBE-associated complications were analyzed. Results: A total of 66 English-language original articles involving 12,823 procedures were included. Suspected mid-GI bleeding (MGIB) was the most common indication (62.5%), followed by symptoms/signs only (7.9%), small-bowel obstruction (5.8%), and Crohn's disease (5.8%). The pooled detection rates were 68.1%, 68.0%, 53.6%, 63.4%, and 85.8% for overall, suspected MGIB, symptoms/signs only, Crohn's disease, and small-bowel obstruction, respectively. Inflammatory lesions (37.6%) and vascular lesions (65.9%) were the most common findings, respectively, in suspected MGIB patients of Eastern and Western countries. The pooled total enteroscopy rate was 44.0% by combined or antegrade-only approach. The pooled minor and major complication rates were 9.1% and 0.72%, respectively. Limitations: Inclusion and exclusion criteria were loosely defined. Conclusion: The detectability and complication risk of diagnostic DBE are acceptable. Suspected MGIB is the most common indication, with a relatively high detection rate, but there was a difference in its causes between Western and Eastern countries. © 2011 American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy.	N/A
Weinberg B.H.	Bibliographic coupling: A review	1974	Information Storage and Retrieval	10.1016/0020-0271(74)90058-8	The theory and practical applications of bibliographic coupling are reviewed. The reviewer takes issue with the use of bibliographic coupling for information retrieval and automatic classification on logical grounds, and for reasons relating to uncontrolled citation practices. The usefulness of the procedure for the study of the science of science and bibliometrics is granted. © 1974.	N/A
Radev D.R.; Muthukrishnan P.; Qazvinian V.; Abu-Jbara A.	The ACL anthology network corpus	2013	Language Resources and Evaluation	10.1007/s10579-012-9211-2	We introduce the ACL Anthology Network (AAN), a comprehensive manually curated networked database of citations, collaborations, and summaries in the field of Computational Linguistics. We also present a number of statistics about the network including the most cited authors, the most central collaborators, as well as network statistics about the paper citation, author citation, and author collaboration networks. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media Dordrecht.	ACL Anthology Network; Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Citation summaries; Scientometrics
Liu X.; Zhang L.; Hong S.	Global biodiversity research during 1900-2009: A bibliometric analysis	2011	Biodiversity and Conservation	10.1007/s10531-010-9981-z	We performed a bibliometric analysis of published biodiversity research for the period of 1900-2009, based on the Science Citation Index (SCI) database. Our analysis reveals the authorial, institutional, spatiotemporal, and categorical patterns in biodiversity research and provides an alternative demonstration of research advancements, which may serve as a potential guide for future research. The growth of article outputs has exploded since the 1990s, along with an increasing collaboration index, references, and citations. Ecology, environmental sciences, biodiversity conservations, and plant science were most frequently used subject categories in biodiversity studies, and Biological Conservation, Journal of Soil and Water Conservation, Conservation Biology and Biodiversity and Conservation were most active journals in this field. The United States was the largest contributor in global biodiversity research, as the U. S. produced the most single-country and collaborative articles, had the greatest number of top research institutions, and had a central position in collaboration networks. We perceived an increasing number of both internationally collaborative and inter-institutionally collaborative articles, with the latter form of collaboration being more prevalent than the former. A keyword analysis found several interesting terminology preferences, confirmed conservation's central position as a topic in biodiversity research, revealed the adoption of advanced technologies, and demonstrated keen interest in both the patterns and underlying processes of ecosystems. Our study reveals patterns in scientific outputs and academic collaborations and serves as an alternative and innovative way of revealing global research trends in biodiversity. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Bibliometrics; Biodiversity; Conservation; Research trends; Scientific outputs
Thelwall M.; Kousha K.	ResearchGate: Disseminating, communicating, and measuring Scholarship?	2015	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23236	ResearchGate is a social network site for academics to create their own profiles, list their publications, and interact with each other. Like Academia.edu, it provides a new way for scholars to disseminate their work and hence potentially changes the dynamics of informal scholarly communication. This article assesses whether ResearchGate usage and publication data broadly reflect existing academic hierarchies and whether individual countries are set to benefit or lose out from the site. The results show that rankings based on ResearchGate statistics correlate moderately well with other rankings of academic institutions, suggesting that ResearchGate use broadly reflects the traditional distribution of academic capital. Moreover, while Brazil, India, and some other countries seem to be disproportionately taking advantage of ResearchGate, academics in China, South Korea, and Russia may be missing opportunities to use ResearchGate to maximize the academic impact of their publications. © 2014 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics
Colares G.S.; Dell'Osbel N.; Wiesel P.G.; Oliveira G.A.; Lemos P.H.Z.; da Silva F.P.; Lutterbeck C.A.; Kist L.T.; Machado Ê.L.	Floating treatment wetlands: A review and bibliometric analysis	2020	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2020.136776	Floating treatment wetlands (FTWs) have attained tremendous popularity for water purification purposes. Through this phyto-technology, naturally occurring macrophytes are allowed to grow on the water surface on a buoyant raft or a rigid support, keeping the plant roots permanently in contact with the water and removing pollutants via several processes. The objective of this study was to review studies that have developed FTWs and to perform a bibliometric analysis using three keywords: “Floating”, “Treatment” and “Wetlands”. From bibliometric analysis using VOSviewer software and the Web of Science database, it was possible to verify the number of publications over the years and the countries and authors with the most published articles on these systems and other related terms. Subsequently, a review was performed on the main mechanisms of pollutant removal by FTWs as well as experiences and recommendations for major design and operating aspects for their application, such as water depth, hydraulic retention time (HRT), floating mat, water surface coverage, artificial aeration, plant selection and pruning or harvesting. It was verified that FTWs are a potential technology for treating several wastewater types and water remediation under different conditions. Even with the increasing number of publications in recent years, many design and operation aspects related to system performance still demand more research in order to better understand the relations between macrophytes and other pollutant removal mechanisms and to thereby improve the treatment efficiency of FTW systems. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.	Bioremediation; Eutrophication; Floating islands; Macrophytes; Phytoremediation; Wastewater treatment
Baltussen A.; Kindler C.H.	Citation classics in critical care medicine	2004	Intensive Care Medicine	10.1007/s00134-004-2195-7	"Objective: The number of citations an article receives after its publication reflects its impact on the scientific community. Our purpose was to identify and examine the characteristics of the most frequently cited articles in the field of critical care medicine. Design: The 74 top-cited articles in critical care journals were identified by a computer search using the database of the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED, 1945 to present) and the Web of SCIENCE. The 45 top-cited critical care articles in all other biomedical journals were identified using the database SciSearch (1974 to present) with the key word ""Critical Care"". Results: The most cited articles received 3402 and 2860 citations, respectively. The citation classics in critical care journals were published between 1968 and 1999 in six high-impact journals, led by Critical Care Medicine (37 articles), followed by the Journal of Trauma (21), and American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine (9). Seventy articles were original publications, two were reviews or guidelines, and two were editorials. The top 45 classic articles in non-critical care journals were published in 13 different journals, led by the New England Journal of Medicine (11 articles), followed by JAMA and Lancet (6 articles each). The United States of America contributed most of the classic articles. Pathophysiology of the lung, sepsis and scoring systems were the primary focus of classic publications. Conclusions: Our analysis gives a historical perspective on the scientific progress of critical care medicine and allows for recognition of important advances in this specialty."	Citation analysis; Critical care medicine; Landmark article; Publication; Scientometrics
Lai K.-K.; Wu S.-J.	Using the patent co-citation approach to establish a new patent classification system	2005	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/j.ipm.2003.11.004	The paper proposes a new approach to create a patent classification system to replace the IPC or UPC system for conducting patent analysis and management. The new approach is based on co-citation analysis of bibliometrics. The traditional approach for management of patents, which is based on either the IPC or UPC, is too general to meet the needs of specific industries. In addition, some patents are placed in incorrect categories, making it difficult for enterprises to carry out R&D planning, technology positioning, patent strategy-making and technology forecasting. Therefore, it is essential to develop a patent classification system that is adaptive to the characteristics of a specific industry. The analysis of this approach is divided into three phases. Phase I selects appropriate databases to conduct patent searches according to the subject and objective of this study and then select basic patents. Phase II uses the co-cited frequency of the basic patent pairs to assess their similarity. Phase III uses factor analysis to establish a classification system and assess the efficiency of the proposed approach. The main contribution of this approach is to develop a patent classification system based on patent similarities to assist patent manager in understanding the basic patents for a specific industry, the relationships among categories of technologies and the evolution of a technology category. © 2003 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation; Patent classification system; Patent management
Delamater P.L.	Spatial accessibility in suboptimally configured health care systems: A modified two-step floating catchment area (M2SFCA) metric	2013	Health and Place	10.1016/j.healthplace.2013.07.012	The floating catchment area (FCA) family of metrics employ principles from gravity-based models to incorporate supply, demand, and distance in their characterization of the spatial accessibility of health care resources. Unlike traditional gravity models, the FCA metrics provide an output in highly interpretable container-like units (e.g., physicians per person). This work explores two significant issues related to FCA metrics. First, the Three Step Floating Catchment Area is critically examined. Next, the research shows that all FCA metrics contain an underlying assumption that supply locations are optimally configured to meet the needs of the population within the system. Because truly optimal configurations are highly unlikely in real-world health care systems, a modified two-step floating catchment area (M2SFCA) metric is offered to address this issue. The M2SFCA is built upon previous FCA metrics, but allows for spatial accessibility to be discounted as a result of the suboptimal configuration of health care facilities within the system. The utility of the new metric is demonstrated through simulated data examples and a case study exploring acute care hospitals in Michigan. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.	3SFCA; E2SFCA; Gravity models; Health care access; Spatial accessibility
Cozzens S.; Gatchair S.; Kang J.; Kim K.; Lee H.J.; Ordóñez G.; Porter A.	Emerging technologies: Quantitative identification and measurement	2010	Technology Analysis and Strategic Management	10.1080/09537321003647396	Emerging technologies present both challenges and opportunities for national technology strategies. National governments may therefore want to monitor the technological horizon on a systematic basis. This article outlines the quantitative approaches available for such monitoring. Among the standard types of bibliometric data, proposals and publications are most likely to be useful for this purpose since they capture information earlier in the cycle of technology development. Patents, in contrast, trail behind. Analysis can proceed with keywords or citations, and algorithms are available to use the information structure inherent in these kinds of data to identify and measure emerging areas. There are limitations, however, in all the available approaches and the authors therefore recommend using them in conjunction with expert methods by focusing the qualitative assessment in particular areas. © 2010 Taylor & Francis.	Bibliometrics; Emerging technologies; Quantitative analysis
Porter A.L.; Detampel M.J.	Technology opportunities analysis	1995	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/0040-1625(95)00022-3	We present an approach to efficiently generate effective intelligence on emerging technologies. This approach draws on monitoring and bibliometrics to mine the wealth of information available in major public electronic databases. The approach uses new software to expedite secondary analyses of database searches on topics of interest. We illustrate the range of information profiles possible by examining research and development (R&D) publications and patents pertaining to electronics assembly and, more specifically, to multichip module development. © 1995.	N/A
Acuna D.E.; Allesina S.; Kording K.P.	Future impact: Predicting scientific success	2012	Nature	10.1038/489201a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Rejeb A.; Abdollahi A.; Rejeb K.; Treiblmaier H.	Drones in agriculture: A review and bibliometric analysis	2022	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	10.1016/j.compag.2022.107017	Drones, also called Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), have witnessed a remarkable development in recent decades. In agriculture, they have changed farming practices by offering farmers substantial cost savings, increased operational efficiency, and better profitability. Over the past decades, the topic of agricultural drones has attracted remarkable academic attention. We therefore conduct a comprehensive review based on bibliometrics to summarize and structure existing academic literature and reveal current research trends and hotspots. We apply bibliometric techniques and analyze the literature surrounding agricultural drones to summarize and assess previous research. Our analysis indicates that remote sensing, precision agriculture, deep learning, machine learning, and the Internet of Things are critical topics related to agricultural drones. The co-citation analysis reveals six broad research clusters in the literature. This study is one of the first attempts to summarize drone research in agriculture and suggest future research directions. © 2022 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Drones; Internet of Things; Precision agriculture; UAV
Petersen A.M.; Fortunato S.; Pan R.K.; Kaski K.; Penner O.; Rungi A.; Riccaboni M.; Stanley H.E.; Pammolli F.	Reputation and impact in academic careers	2014	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.1323111111	Reputation is an important social construct in science, which enables informed quality assessments of both publications and careers of scientists in the absence of complete systemic information. However, the relation between reputation and career growth of an individual remains poorly understood, despite recent proliferation of quantitative research evaluation methods. Here, we develop an original framework for measuring how a publication's citation rate Δc depends on the reputation of its central author i, in addition to its net citation count c. To estimate the strength of the reputation effect, we perform a longitudinal analysis on the careers of 450 highly cited scientists, using the total citations Ci of each scientist as his/her reputation measure. We find a citation crossover cx, which distinguishes the strength of the reputation effect. For publications with c < cx, the author's reputation is found to dominate the annual citation rate. Hence, a new publication may gain a significant early advantage corresponding to roughly a 66% increase in the citation rate for each tenfold increase in Ci. However, the reputation effect becomes negligible for highly cited publications meaning that, for c ≥ cx, the citation rate measures scientific impact more transparently. In addition, we have developed a stochastic reputation model, which is found to reproduce numerous statistical observations for real careers, thus providing insight into the microscopic mechanisms underlying cumulative advantage in science. © 2014, National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.	Computational sociology; Matthew effect; Networks of networks; Science of science; Sociophysics
Archambault E.; Larivière V.	History of the journal impact factor: Contingencies and consequences	2009	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-007-2036-x	This paper examines the genesis of journal impact measures and how their evolution culminated in the journal impact factor (JIF) produced by the Institute for Scientific Information. The paper shows how the various building blocks of the dominant JIF (published in the Journal Citation Report - JCR) came into being. The paper argues that these building blocks were all constructed fairly arbitrarily or for different purposes than those that govern the contemporary use of the JIF. The results are a faulty method, widely open to manipulation by journal editors and misuse by uncritical parties. The discussion examines some solution offered to the bibliometrics and scientific communities considering the wide use of this indicator at present. Copyright © 2009 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest.	N/A
Dixon-Woods M.	Writing wrongs? An analysis of published discourses about the use of patient information leaflets	2001	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/S0277-9536(00)00247-1	Much has been written about how to communicate with patients, but there has been little critical scrutiny of this literature. This paper presents an analysis of publications about the use of patient information leaflets. It suggests that two discourses can be distinguished in this literature. The first of these is the larger of the two. It reflects traditional biomedical concerns and it invokes a mechanistic model of communication in which patients are characterised as passive and open to manipulation in the interests of a biomedical agenda. The persistence of the biomedical model in this discourse is contrasted with the second discourse, which is smaller and more recent in origin. This second discourse draws on a political agenda of patient empowerment, and reflects this in its choice of outcomes of interest, its concern with the use of leaflets as a means of democratisation, and its orientation towards patients. It is suggested that the two discourses, though distinct, are not entirely discrete, and may begin to draw closer as they begin to draw on a wider set of resources, including sociological research and theory, to develop a rigorous theoretically grounded approach to patient information leaflets. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science Ltd.	Discourse; Patient empowerment; Patient information
Li X.; Wu P.; Shen G.Q.; Wang X.; Teng Y.	Mapping the knowledge domains of Building Information Modeling (BIM): A bibliometric approach	2017	Automation in Construction	10.1016/j.autcon.2017.09.011	Building Information Modeling (BIM) has been recognized as an emerging technological innovation which can help transform the construction industry and it has been adopted broadly in the field of built environment. Due to the rapid development of BIM research, various stakeholders require a state-of-the-art review of the BIM research and implementation. The purpose of this paper is to provide an objective and accurate summary of BIM knowledge using 1874 published BIM-related papers. The results show that 60 key research areas, such as information systems, 3D modeling, design and sustainability and 10 key research clusters, such as architecture design studio, building information and lean construction, are extremely important for the development of BIM knowledge. The results are useful for the identification of research clusters and topics in the BIM community. More importantly, these results can help highlight how BIM-related research evolves over time, thus greatly contributing to understanding the underlying structure of BIM. This study offers useful and new insights to summarize the status quo of BIM knowledge and can be used as a dynamic platform to integrate future BIM developments. © 2017	Bibliometrics; Building Information Modeling (BIM); Knowledge map; Literature review
Li J.; Wang M.-H.; Ho Y.-S.	Trends in research on global climate change: A Science Citation Index Expanded-based analysis	2011	Global and Planetary Change	10.1016/j.gloplacha.2011.02.005	"This study was conceived to evaluate the global scientific output of climate change research over the past 18. years and to assess the characteristics of the research patterns, tendencies, and methods in the papers. Data were based on the online version of Science Citation Index Expanded from 1992 to 2009. Articles referring to climate change were assessed by distribution of source countries, source institutes, paper titles, author keywords, KeyWords Plus, abstracts, and the most cited articles in these years. By synthetic analysis of the four kinds of keywords, it was concluded that the items ""temperature"", ""environment"", ""precipitation"", ""greenhouse gas"", ""risk"", and ""biodiversity"" will be the foci of climate change research in the 21st century, while ""model"", ""monitoring"", and ""remote sensing"" will continue to be the leading research methods. A novel method, ""phylogeography"", may have a strong application potential in the near future. © 2011 Elsevier B.V."	Bibliometrics; Climate change; Model; Research trend; Word cluster analysis
Freeman R.B.; Huang W.	Collaboration: Strength in diversity	2014	Nature	10.1038/513305a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Cohen A.M.; Hersh W.R.; Peterson K.; Yen P.-Y.	Reducing workload in systematic review preparation using automated citation classification	2006	Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association	10.1197/jamia.M1929	Objective: To determine whether automated classification of document citations can be useful in reducing the time spent by experts reviewing journal articles for inclusion in updating systematic reviews of drug class efficacy for treatment of disease. Design: A test collection was built using the annotated reference files from 15 systematic drug class reviews. A voting perceptron-based automated citation classification system was constructed to classify each article as containing high-quality, drug class-specific evidence or not. Cross-validation experiments were performed to evaluate performance. Measurements: Precision, recall, and F-measure were evaluated at a range of sample weightings. Work saved over sampling at 95% recall was used as the measure of value to the review process. Results: A reduction in the number of articles needing manual review was found for 11 of the 15 drug review topics studied. For three of the topics, the reduction was 50% or greater. Conclusion: Automated document citation classification could be a useful tool in maintaining systematic reviews of the efficacy of drug therapy. Further work is needed to refine the classification system and determine the best manner to integrate the system into the production of systematic reviews.	N/A
Merigó J.M.; Pedrycz W.; Weber R.; de la Sotta C.	Fifty years of Information Sciences: A bibliometric overview	2018	Information Sciences	10.1016/j.ins.2017.11.054	Information Sciences is a leading international journal in computer science launched in 1968, so becoming fifty years old in 2018. In order to celebrate its anniversary, this study presents a bibliometric overview of the leading publication and citation trends occurring in the journal. The aim of the work is to identify the most relevant authors, institutions, countries, and analyze their evolution through time. The paper uses the Web of Science Core Collection in order to search for the bibliographic information. Our study also develops a graphical mapping of the bibliometric material by using the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer. With this software, the work analyzes bibliographic coupling, citation and co-citation analysis, co-authorship, and co-occurrence of keywords. The results underline the significant growth of the journal through time and its international diversity having publications from countries all over the world. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; h-index; VOS viewer; Web of Science
Diem A.; Wolter S.C.	The Use of Bibliometrics to Measure Research Performance in Education Sciences	2013	Research in Higher Education	10.1007/s11162-012-9264-5	This paper investigates the fitness-for-purpose and soundness of bibliometric parameters for measuring and elucidating the research performance of individual researchers in the field of education sciences in Switzerland. In order to take into account the specificities of publication practices of researchers in education sciences, the analyses are based on two separate databases: Web of Science and Google Scholar. Both databases show a very unequal distribution of the individual research output, and the indicators used to measure research performance (quantity of publications and citation impact) from the two data sources are highly positively correlated. However, individual characteristics of the researchers, such as age, gender and academic position, that serve to explain the great variance in research performance, can only be identified if the Web of Science is used as a benchmark of research performance. The results indicate that Google Scholar is so inclusive that it impedes a meaningful interpretation of the data. However, the Web of Science inclusion policy for journals is also associated with certain shortcomings that put some researchers at an unjustified disadvantage. Therefore, problems currently exist in regard to both citation databases when used to benchmark individual research performance. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Bibliometrics; Education sciences; Research performance; Science research; Scientometric methods
Merigó J.M.; Cancino C.A.; Coronado F.; Urbano D.	Academic research in innovation: a country analysis	2016	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-016-1984-4	Many countries are investing a lot in innovation in order to modernize their economies. A key step in this process is the development of academic research in innovation. This article analyzes the leading countries in innovation research between 1989 and 2013 from an academic perspective. The aim of the study is to identify the most relevant countries in this field and the leading trends that are occurring during the last years. The work also introduces a general perspective analyzing the research developed in several supranational regions. The main advantage of this contribution is that it gives a global overview of the current academic state of the art in the area. The analysis focuses on the most productive and influential countries in innovation research classifying the results in periods of 5 years. The leading journals in the field are also studied individually identifying the most productive countries in each of the journals. The results show that the publications of each country are biased by the country origin of the journal. The USA and the UK are the leading countries in this field being the UK the most productive one in per capita terms among the big countries. © 2016, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Country analysis; Innovation; VOS viewer; Web of Science
Meyer M.	What is special about patent citations? differences between scientific and patent citations	2000	Scientometrics	10.1023/A:1005613325648	The emergence of patent bibliometrics as a new branch of scientometrics necessitates a deeper understanding of the relationship between patents and papers. As this connection is established through the linkage between patents and research papers, one must have a clear idea of similarities and differences between patent and paper citations. This paper will investigate to what extent one can not only apply bibliometric methods to patents but also extend the existing interpretative framework for citations in research papers to the field of patent citations. After pointing out some parallels in the debates about the nature of citations in patents and scientific articles, the paper outlines those parts of bibliometric theory covering scientific citations that could be relevant to patent citations too. Then it highlights the specialties and peculiarities of patent citations. One major conclusion is that the general nature of a common framework for both scientific and patent citations would severely limit its usefulness, but research on academic citations might still be a great source of inspiration to the study of patent citations.	N/A
Godin B.	On the origins of bibliometrics	2006	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-006-0086-0	"Among the many statistics on science, called scientometrics, bibliometrics holds a privileged place. Bibliometrics is one of the few subfields concerned with measuring the output side of science. According to most ""histories"", bibliometrics owes its systematic development mainly to D.J.D. Price and Eugene Garfield, as founders. The few works conducted before the 1950s are usually relegated to prehistory. This paper documents how the systematic counting of publications originated with psychologists. In the early 1900s, psychologists began collecting statistics on their discipline. Publications came to be counted in addresses, reviews and histories of psychology for several decades. The aim was to contribute to the advancement of psychology. Far from being a negligible output of a prehistoric type, both the volume and the systematicness of these efforts are witnesses to what should be considered as pioneering work, and their authors considered as forerunners to bibliometrics. copyrigtht © 2006 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest. All rights reserved."	N/A
Shuai X.; Pepe A.; Bollen J.	How the Scientific Community Reacts to Newly Submitted Preprints: Article Downloads, Twitter Mentions, and Citations	2012	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0047523	We analyze the online response to the preprint publication of a cohort of 4,606 scientific articles submitted to the preprint database arXiv.org between October 2010 and May 2011. We study three forms of responses to these preprints: downloads on the arXiv.org site, mentions on the social media site Twitter, and early citations in the scholarly record. We perform two analyses. First, we analyze the delay and time span of article downloads and Twitter mentions following submission, to understand the temporal configuration of these reactions and whether one precedes or follows the other. Second, we run regression and correlation tests to investigate the relationship between Twitter mentions, arXiv downloads, and article citations. We find that Twitter mentions and arXiv downloads of scholarly articles follow two distinct temporal patterns of activity, with Twitter mentions having shorter delays and narrower time spans than arXiv downloads. We also find that the volume of Twitter mentions is statistically correlated with arXiv downloads and early citations just months after the publication of a preprint, with a possible bias that favors highly mentioned articles. © 2012 Shuai et al.	N/A
Aguillo I.F.	Is Google Scholar useful for bibliometrics? A webometric analysis	2012	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-011-0582-8	Google Scholar, the academic bibliographic database provided free-of-charge by the search engine giant Google, has been suggested as an alternative or complementary resource to the commercial citation databases like Web of Knowledge (ISI/Thomson) or Scopus (Elsevier). In order to check the usefulness of this database for bibliometric analysis, and especially research evaluation, a novel approach is introduced. Instead of names of authors or institutions, a webometric analysis of academic web domains is performed. The bibliographic records for 225 top level web domains (TLD), 19,240 university and 6,380 research centres institutional web domains have been collected from the Google Scholar database. About 63. 8% of the records are hosted in generic domains like. com or. org, confirming that most of the Scholar data come from large commercial or non-profit sources. Considering only institutions with at least one record, one-third of the other items (10. 6% from the global) are hosted by the 10,442 universities, while 3,901 research centres amount for an additional 7. 9% from the total. The individual analysis show that universities from China, Brazil, Spain, Taiwan or Indonesia are far better ranked than expected. In some cases, large international or national databases, or repositories are responsible for the high numbers found. However, in many others, the local contents, including papers in low impact journals, popular scientific literature, and unpublished reports or teaching supporting materials are clearly overrepresented. Google Scholar lacks the quality control needed for its use as a bibliometric tool; the larger coverage it provides consists in some cases of items not comparable with those provided by other similar databases. © 2011 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Geographical coverage; Google Scholar; Quality control; Top institutions; Webometrics
Newman C.; Edwards D.; Martek I.; Lai J.; Thwala W.D.; Rillie I.	Industry 4.0 deployment in the construction industry: a bibliometric literature review and UK-based case study	2021	Smart and Sustainable Built Environment	10.1108/SASBE-02-2020-0016	Purpose: Industry 4.0 is predicted to be a game-changer, revolutionizing commercial and manufacturing practices through improved knowledge utilization and efficiencies. The barriers however, are significant, and the construction industry remains notoriously slow to take up innovations. This study reviews the research work in Industry 4.0 as it relates to construction, and examines a leading UK-based construction firm to ascertain the prognosis for Industry 4.0 roll-out in terms of the impediments and opportunities. Design/methodology/approach: A multistage mixed philosophies and methods approach was adopted for this study. First, an interpretivist epistemological lens was used to synthesise extant literature as a means of contextualizing the present study. Second, an empirical case study using a post-positivist stance and inductive reasoning was conducted to explore practitioner acceptance of Industry 4.0 in the UK construction context. Findings: Findings from the literature review indicate studies in Industry 4.0 to be a relatively new phenomenon, with developed countries and Germany in particular leading in the field. The range of opportunities are many, but so too are the barriers to enablement. Findings from the case study provide real-world corroboration of the review; practitioners are sanguine about Industry 4.0's potential to reinvigorate the construction industry, but also note that implementation remains curtailed by residual managerial practices dependent on ‘human interaction’. At present, much of the focus of industry practitioners is on the implementation of building information modelling (BIM), often at the expense of other more advanced technologies within Industry 4.0. Originality/value: Research in Industry 4.0 is limited, with the emphasis being on technology application. This paper, by contrast, maps the totality of work carried out so far and presents an assessment of Industry 4.0's progression, potential and degree of uptake within the UK construction industry. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Advanced technologies; Bibliometric analysis; Case study; Construction industry; Content analysis; Industry 4.0
Priem J.; Costello K.L.	How and why scholars cite on Twitter	2010	Proceedings of the ASIST Annual Meeting	10.1002/meet.14504701201	"Scholars are increasingly using the microblogging service Twitter as a communication platform. Since citing is a central practice of scholarly communication, we investigated whether and how scholars cite on Twitter. We conducted interviews and harvested 46,515 tweets from a sample of 28 scholars and found that they do cite on Twitter, though often indirectly. Twitter citations are part of a fast-moving conversation that participants believe reflects scholarly impact. Twitter citation metrics could augment traditional citation analysis, supporting a ""scientometrics 2.0.""."	Bibliometrics; Citation; Scholarly communication; Social media; Twitter
Isman M.B.	Commercial development of plant essential oils and their constituents as active ingredients in bioinsecticides	2020	Phytochemistry Reviews	10.1007/s11101-019-09653-9	Insecticidal action of plant essential oils has been an area of intensive research in the new millennium, according to a recent bibliometric analysis. Despite this overwhelming research effort, commercialization of bioinsecticides based on essential oils has lagged far behind, although such products have now been used in the USA for over a decade, and in the EU in the last 4–5 years. Recent progress in commercialization of these products is reviewed here. Essential oils and their mono- and sesquiterpenoid constituents are fast-acting neurotoxins in insects, possibly interacting with multiple receptor types. These compounds also display potentially important sublethal behavioural effects in pest insects, including feeding and oviposition deterrence and repellence. Synergy among essential oil terpenoids appears to be a common phenomenon, and a mechanism for this action in rosemary oil has recently been demonstrated. Commercial development of bioinsecticides based on plant essential oils can follow several different pathways producing products with active ingredients differing in their genesis. These include products whose active ingredients consist of (1) a mixture of essential oils; (2) a single essential oil, or a single terpenoid constituent; (3) a blend of terpenoids, synthetically produced, that emulate those in a plant essential oil; and (4) a novel (non-natural) blend of terpenoids obtained from different plant sources. Examples of each of these are provided. © 2019, Springer Nature B.V.	Feeding deterrents; Insecticidal terpenoids; Natural insecticides; Oviposition deterrents; Synergisitic natural products
Robertson D.G.; Watkins P.B.; Reily M.D.	Metabolomics in toxicology: Preclinical and clinical applications	2011	Toxicological Sciences	10.1093/toxsci/kfq358	[No abstract available]	Biomarkers; Mechanisms of toxicity; Metabolic profiling; Metabolomics; Metabonomics
Kajikawa Y.; Yoshikawa J.; Takeda Y.; Matsushima K.	Tracking emerging technologies in energy research: Toward a roadmap for sustainable energy	2008	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2007.05.005	Science and technology for renewable and sustainable energy are indispensable for our future society and economics. To meet the goal of sustainable energy development, there is a growing body of research efforts world wide. The planner of energy research has to grasp the broader coverage of scientific and technological research, and make decisions on effective investment in promising and emerging technologies especially under circumstances of limited resources. In this paper, we track emerging research domains in energy research by using citation network analysis. Our analysis confirms that the fuel cell and solar cell are rapidly growing domains in energy research. We further investigate the detailed structure of these two domains by clustering publications in these domains. Each citation cluster has characteristic research topics, and there is a variety of growth trends among the clusters. By using citation network analysis, we can track emerging research domains among a pile of publications efficiently and effectively. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Citation network; Emerging technologies; Forecasting; Renewable energy; Sustainable energy
Mishra D.; Gunasekaran A.; Childe S.J.; Papadopoulos T.; Dubey R.; Wamba S.	Vision, applications and future challenges of Internet of Things: A bibliometric study of the recent literature	2016	Industrial Management and Data Systems	10.1108/IMDS-11-2015-0478	Purpose:-The emergent field of Internet of Things (IoT) has been evolving rapidly with a geometric growth in the number of academic publications in this field. The purpose of this paper is to review the literature of IoT in past 16 years using rigorous bibliometric and network analysis tools, offering at the same time future directions for the IoT research community and implications for managers and decision makers. Design/methodology/approach:- The authors adopted the techniques of bibliometric and network analysis. The paper reviewed the articles published on IoT from 2000 to 2015. Findings - This study identifies top contributing authors; key research topics related to the field; the most influential works based on citations and PageRank; and established and emerging research clusters. Scholars are encouraged to further explore this topic. Research limitations/implications:- This study focusses only on vision and applications of IoT. Scholars may explore various other aspects of this area of research. Originality/value:- To the best of authors' knowledge, this is the first study to review the literature on IoT by using bibliometric and network analysis techniques. The study is unique as it spans a long time period of 16 years (2000-2015). The study proposes a five-cluster classification of research themes that may inform current and future research in IoT. © 2016 Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Applications; Bibliometrics; Internet of Things; Network analytics; Vision
Laakso M.; Björk B.-C.	Anatomy of open access publishing: a study of longitudinal development and internal structure	2012	BMC Medicine	10.1186/1741-7015-10-124	Background: Open access (OA) is a revolutionary way of providing access to the scholarly journal literature made possible by the Internet. The primary aim of this study was to measure the volume of scientific articles published in full immediate OA journals from 2000 to 2011, while observing longitudinal internal shifts in the structure of OA publishing concerning revenue models, publisher types and relative distribution among scientific disciplines. The secondary aim was to measure the share of OA articles of all journal articles, including articles made OA by publishers with a delay and individual author-paid OA articles in subscription journals (hybrid OA), as these subsets of OA publishing have mostly been ignored in previous studies.Methods: Stratified random sampling of journals in the Directory of Open Access Journals (n = 787) was performed. The annual publication volumes spanning 2000 to 2011 were retrieved from major publication indexes and through manual data collection.Results: An estimated 340,000 articles were published by 6,713 full immediate OA journals during 2011. OA journals requiring article-processing charges have become increasingly common, publishing 166,700 articles in 2011 (49% of all OA articles). This growth is related to the growth of commercial publishers, who, despite only a marginal presence a decade ago, have grown to become key actors on the OA scene, responsible for 120,000 of the articles published in 2011. Publication volume has grown within all major scientific disciplines, however, biomedicine has seen a particularly rapid 16-fold growth between 2000 (7,400 articles) and 2011 (120,900 articles). Over the past decade, OA journal publishing has steadily increased its relative share of all scholarly journal articles by about 1% annually. Approximately 17% of the 1.66 million articles published during 2011 and indexed in the most comprehensive article-level index of scholarly articles (Scopus) are available OA through journal publishers, most articles immediately (12%) but some within 12 months of publication (5%).Conclusions: OA journal publishing is disrupting the dominant subscription-based model of scientific publishing, having rapidly grown in relative annual share of published journal articles during the last decade. © 2012 Laakso and Björk; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.	Open access; scientific publishing
Sugimoto C.R.; Ahn Y.-Y.; Smith E.; Macaluso B.; Larivière V.	Factors affecting sex-related reporting in medical research: a cross-disciplinary bibliometric analysis	2019	The Lancet	10.1016/S0140-6736(18)32995-7	Background: Clinical and preclinical studies have shown that there are sex-based differences at the genetic, cellular, biochemical, and physiological levels. Despite this, numerous studies have shown poor levels of inclusion of female populations into medical research. These disparities in sex inclusion in research are further complicated by the absence of sufficient reporting and analysis by sex of study populations. Disparities in the inclusion of the sexes in medical research substantially reduce the utility of the results of such research for the entire population. The absence of sex-related reporting are problematical for the translation of research from the preclinical to clinical and applied health settings. Large-scale studies are needed to identify the extent of sex-related reporting and where disparities are more prevalent. In addition, while several studies have shown the dearth of female researchers in science, few have evaluated whether a scarcity of women in science might be related to disparities in sex inclusion and reporting. We aimed to do a cross-disciplinary analysis of the degree of sex-related reporting across the health sciences—from biomedical, to clinical, and public health research—and the role of author gender in sex-related reporting. Methods: This bibliometric analysis analysed sex-related reporting in medical research examining more than 11·5 million papers indexed in Web of Science and PubMed between 1980 and 2016 and using sex-related Medical Subject Headings as a proxy for sex reporting. For papers that were published between 2008 and 2016 and could be matched with PubMed, we assigned a gender to first and last authors on the basis of their names, according to our gender assignment algorithm. We removed papers for which we could not determine the gender of either the first or last author. We grouped papers into three disciplinary categories (biomedical research, clinical medicine, and public health). We used descriptive statistics and regression analyses (controlling for the number of authors and representation of women in specific diseases, countries, continents, year, and specialty areas) to study associations between the gender of the authors and sex-related reporting. Findings: Between Jan 1, 1980, and Dec 31, 2016, sex-related reporting increased from 59% to 67% in clinical medicine and from 36% to 69% in public health research. But for biomedical research, sex remains largely under-reported (31% in 2016). Papers with female first and last authors had an increased probability of reporting sex, with an odds ratio of 1·26 (95% CI 1·24 to 1·27), and sex-related reporting was associated with publications in journals with low journal impact factors. For publications in 2016, sex-related reporting of both male and female is associated with a reduction of −0·51 (95% CI −0·54 to −0·47) in journal impact factors. Interpretation: Gender disparities in the scientific workforce and scarcity of policies on sex-related reporting at the journal and institutional level could inhibit effective research translation from bench to clinical studies. Diversification in the scientific workforce and in the research populations—from cell lines, to rodents, to humans—is essential to produce the most rigorous and effective medical research. Funding: Canada Research Chairs. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	N/A
Patel V.; Sumathipala A.	International representation in psychiatric literature: Survey of six leading journals	2001	British Journal of Psychiatry	10.1192/bjp.178.5.406	Background: Despite the growing recognition of the global burden of psychiatric disease, there are questions about the strength of the evidence base from non-Western societies. Aims: To compare the contribution of Euro-American countries and the rest of the world (RoW) to psychiatric literature. Method: Survey of the country of origin of papers submitted to and published in six leading psychiatric journals over a 3-year period (1996-1998). Results: Only 6% of the literature is published from regions of the world that account for over 90% of global population. The three journals published in Europe had a significantly higher proportion of international articles when compared to the three American journals. Less than 1% of all published articles described mental health interventions in the RoW. Acceptance rates were significantly lower for papers submitted from the RoW. Conclusions: There is a gross under-representation of research from the RoW. This has implications for the development of a truly international psychiatry. Declaration of interest: None.	N/A
Kokol P.; Blažun Vošner H.; Završnik J.	Application of bibliometrics in medicine: a historical bibliometrics analysis	2021	Health Information and Libraries Journal	10.1111/hir.12295	Background: The application of bibliometrics in medicine enables one to analyse vast amounts of publications and their production patterns on macroscopic and microscopic levels. Objectives: The aim of the study was to analyse the historical perspective of research literature production regarding application of bibliometrics in medicine. Methods: Publications related to application of bibliometrics in medicine from 1970 to 2018 were harvested from the Scopus bibliographic database. Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy was triangulated with the VOSViewer to identify historical roots and evolution of topics and clinical areas. Results: The search resulted in 6557 publications. The literature production trend was positive. Historical roots analysis identified 33 historical roots and 16 clinical areas where bibliometrics was applied. Discussion: The increase in productivity in application of bibliometrics in medicine might be attributed to increased use of quantitative metrics in research evaluation, publish or perish phenomenon and the increased use of evidence-based medicine. Conclusion: The trend of the literature production was positive. Medicine was in the forefront of knowledge development in bibliometrics. reference publication year spectroscopy proved to be an accurate method which was able to identify most of the historical roots. © 2020 Health Libraries Group	bibliometrics; citation analysis; evidence-based medicine (EBM); research, biomedical
Xi J.M.; Kraus S.; Filser M.; Kellermanns F.W.	Mapping the field of family business research: past trends and future directions	2015	International Entrepreneurship and Management Journal	10.1007/s11365-013-0286-z	Receiving increasing attention over the past decade by scholars worldwide, family business research has developed in diverse directions. Due to the numerous challenges family businesses face in their development and continuation, research has generated a wide ranging spectrum of the subjects explored within it and a large body of knowledge as a result. Based on the results of the by far largest bibliometric analyses in the field, this paper elaborates and clarifies the fragmented state of family business research. By analyzing virtually all existing family business-related writings, the most influential publications are highlighted, and changes in citation patterns before and after the year 2000 are discussed. Here, five topical clusters are identified which reflect the tracks family business research follows. With these clusters as a basis, the paper concludes by identifying avenues for future research. © 2013, Springer Science+Business Media New York.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Content analysis; Family business research
Figg W.D.; Dunn L.; Liewehr D.J.; Steinberg S.M.; Thurman P.W.; Barrett J.C.; Birkinshaw J.	Scientific collaboration results in higher citation rates of published articles	2006	Pharmacotherapy	10.1592/phco.26.6.759	Study Objective. The primary objective was to analyze the relationship between the citation rate of an article and the extent of collaboration. The secondary objective was to analyze the relationship between the number of authors/article and the number of institutions/article for the period of study. Methods. We counted the number of original research articles published in six leading journals-Cell, Science, Nature, New England Journal of Medicine, The Lancet, and Journal of the American Medical Association-for the years 1975, 1985, and 1995. For each article, we determined the number of authors and the number of separate institutions. We also determined the number of times each article that was published in 1995 was cited in future scientific articles from the Science Citation Index database. Results. Science, Cell, Nature, New England Journal of Medicine, The Lancet, and Journal of the American Medical Association had 2014, 868, 3856, 643, 785, and 465 total articles published/3-year study period, respectively. There was a median of 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, and 3 institutions/article, respectively. All of the final models had a significant linear author component for which all of the parameter estimates were positive, yet variable. Thus, the number of times an article was cited correlated significantly with the number of authors and the number of institutions. Conclusion. A correlation exists between the number of authors and the number of times an article is cited in other articles. Investigators who are open to collaborations and those who seem to adequately manage those collaborations produce a superior product that results in a higher impact.	Authorship; Business alliances; Collaborations; Cooperation; Impact factor; Journals; Network; Publishing; Strategy
Van Dalen H.P.; Henkens K.	Intended and unintended consequences of a publish-or-perish culture: A worldwide survey	2012	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22636	How does publication pressure in modern-day universities affect the intrinsic and extrinsic rewards in science? By using a worldwide survey among demographers in developed and developing countries, the authors show that the large majority perceive the publication pressure as high, but more so in Anglo-Saxon countries and to a lesser extent in Western Europe. However, scholars see both the pros (upward mobility) and cons (excessive publication and uncitedness, neglect of policy issues, etc.) of the so-called publish-or-perish culture. By measuring behavior in terms of reading and publishing, and perceived extrinsic rewards and stated intrinsic rewards of practicing science, it turns out that publication pressure negatively affects the orientation of demographers towards policy and knowledge sharing. There are no signs that the pressure affects reading and publishing outside the core discipline. © 2012 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; scientists; surveys
Crossley S.A.; Kyle K.; McNamara D.S.	The tool for the automatic analysis of text cohesion (TAACO): Automatic assessment of local, global, and text cohesion	2016	Behavior Research Methods	10.3758/s13428-015-0651-7	This study introduces the Tool for the Automatic Analysis of Cohesion (TAACO), a freely available text analysis tool that is easy to use, works on most operating systems (Windows, Mac, and Linux), is housed on a user’s hard drive (rather than having an Internet interface), allows for the batch processing of text files, and incorporates over 150 classic and recently developed indices related to text cohesion. The study validates TAACO by investigating how its indices related to local, global, and overall text cohesion can predict expert judgments of text coherence and essay quality. The findings of this study provide predictive validation of TAACO and support the notion that expert judgments of text coherence and quality are either negatively correlated or not predicted by local and overall text cohesion indices, but are positively predicted by global indices of cohesion. Combined, these findings provide supporting evidence that coherence for expert raters is a property of global cohesion and not of local cohesion, and that expert ratings of text quality are positively related to global cohesion. © 2015, Psychonomic Society, Inc.	Coherence; Cohesion; Natural language processing; Text difficulty; Writing quality
Jiang Y.; Ritchie B.W.; Benckendorff P.	Bibliometric visualisation: an application in tourism crisis and disaster management research	2019	Current Issues in Tourism	10.1080/13683500.2017.1408574	A limited number of studies have applied bibliometric visualisation to explore the network structure of scholarly tourism knowledge. This study uses CiteSpace to analyse and visualise the intellectual structure of the tourism crisis and disaster management (TCDM) field. The use of new bibliometric visualisation techniques makes a methodological contribution to the mapping and presentation of bibliometric data in tourism research. Potentials for using these methods to provide new insights into research patterns and gaps are illustrated with an analysis of the TCDM literature. The study demonstrates how bibliometric visualisation can provide new insights into an area of literature by better communicating key findings, facilitating the exploration of data, and providing rich information to readers. Findings indicate that TCDM research has moved from broader topics to more specific issues, with a more recent focus on resilience and economic crises. The visualisation of co-authorship networks reveals that major collaborative networks are based on geographic and institutional proximity, dominated by scholars in the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. Seven major research clusters are identified from the visualisation of a co-citation network. The identification of structural holes and bridging papers draws attention to research gaps and future research opportunities in the TCDM field. © 2017, © 2017 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; co-citation analysis; crisis and disaster management; visualisation
Evangelopoulos N.; Zhang X.; Prybutok V.R.	Latent semantic analysis: Five methodological recommendations	2012	European Journal of Information Systems	10.1057/ejis.2010.61	The recent influx in generation, storage, and availability of textual data presents researchers with the challenge of developing suitable methods for their analysis. Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA), a member of a family of methodological approaches that offers an opportunity to address this gap by describing the semantic content in textual data as a set of vectors, was pioneered by researchers in psychology, information retrieval, and bibliometrics. LSA involves a matrix operation called singular value decomposition, an extension of principal component analysis. LSA generates latent semantic dimensions that are either interpreted, if the researcher's primary interest lies with the understanding of the thematic structure in the textual data, or used for purposes of clustering, categorization, and predictive modeling, if the interest lies with the conversion of raw text into numerical data, as a precursor to subsequent analysis. This paper reviews five methodological issues that need to be addressed by the researcher who will embark on LSA. We examine the dilemmas, present the choices, and discuss the considerations under which good methodological decisions are made. We illustrate these issues with the help of four small studies, involving the analysis of abstracts for papers published in the European Journal of Information Systems. © 2012 Operational Research Society Ltd. All rights reserved.	analysis of textual data; clustering; factor analysis; singular value decomposition; text mining
Gutiérrez-Salcedo M.; Martínez M.Á.; Moral-Munoz J.A.; Herrera-Viedma E.; Cobo M.J.	Some bibliometric procedures for analyzing and evaluating research fields	2018	Applied Intelligence	10.1007/s10489-017-1105-y	Nowadays, measuring the quality and quantity of the scientific production is an important necessity since almost every research assessment decision depends, to a great extent, upon the scientific merits of the involved researchers. To do that, many different indicators have been proposed in the literature. Two main bibliometric procedures to explore a research field have been defined: performance analysis and science mapping. On the one hand, performance analysis aims at evaluating groups of scientific actors (countries, universities, departments, researchers) and the impact of their activity on the basis of bibliographic data. On the other hand, the extraction of knowledge from the intellectual, social or conceptual structure of a research field could be done by means of science mapping analysis based on bibliographic networks. In this paper, we introduce some of the most important techniques and software tools to analyze the impact of a research field and its scientific structures. Particularly, four bibliometric indices (h, g, hg and q2), the h-classics approach to identify the classic papers of a research field and three free science mapping software tools (CitNetExplorer, SciMAT and VOSViewer) are shown. © 2017, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.	Bibliometrics; Citations; H-index; Science mapping
Rejeb A.; Simske S.; Rejeb K.; Treiblmaier H.; Zailani S.	Internet of Things research in supply chain management and logistics: A bibliometric analysis	2020	Internet of Things (Netherlands)	10.1016/j.iot.2020.100318	This study reviews Internet of Things (IoT) research in supply chain management (SCM) and logistics. A thorough review and bibliometric analysis were conducted to analytically and objectively unearth the knowledge development in IoT research within the context of SCM and logistics. The analysis started with the selection of 807 journal articles published over a two-decade period. Then, the articles were analyzed according to bibliometric parameters such as year of publication, sources, authors, and institutions. A keyword co-occurrence network was used to cluster the pertinent literature. Results of the review and bibliometric analysis reveal that IoT research has attracted significant attention from the SCM and logistics community. Three leading journals published widely on IoT and the fifteen most productive authors are identified. Based on the keyword co-occurrence clustering, the IoT literature in SCM and logistics is focalized on RFID technology, Industry 4.0 technologies, reverse logistics, and additionally covers various industries, such as the food, retailing, construction, and the pharmaceutical sector. The study provides researchers with a better understanding of IoT research in SCM and logistics and existing knowledge gaps for further research. Practitioners may benefit from the review to keep abreast of the current discussions and applications of IoT in diverse industrial sectors. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, the current review is one of the few attempts to investigate IoT research in SCM and logistics using a comprehensive set of articles published during the past two decades. © 2020 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Internet of Things; Literature review; Supply chain management
Md Khudzari J.; Kurian J.; Tartakovsky B.; Raghavan G.S.V.	Bibliometric analysis of global research trends on microbial fuel cells using Scopus database	2018	Biochemical Engineering Journal	10.1016/j.bej.2018.05.002	The rising demand for sustainable energy and the availability of abundant wastes have stimulated research efforts around the world. As a newly emerging energy-based technology, microbial fuel cell (MFC) has received a significant attention due to its broad range of applications. Therefore, understanding the topics of interest and broadening collaboration networks are necessary to advance the research development towards integrated efforts. In this bibliometric study, our aim was to evaluate the global research trends in MFC area based on publication outputs, co-authorships among authors and affiliated countries, and co-occurrences of author keywords. Using the Scopus database, a total of 4126 journal articles published between 1962-2017 were retrieved. Results have shown that since 2008, the number of publications increased by 100 articles every two years, resulting in the steady increase in the cumulative total publications until present. About 60% of the global total publications were contributed by researchers from China and USA, leading the other 70 countries/territories. Also, among the most productive university from each of the 15 leading countries, four were amongst the world's top 100 universities. In conclusion, recent progress in MFC research includes the following (but not limited to) (i) electrode materials incorporated nanotechnology, ceramic, and biochar; (ii) mathematical modeling (e.g. artificial neural network); and (iii) economic assessment and life cycle analysis. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Author keyword co-occurrences; Bibliometric analysis; Co-authorship; Microbial fuel cell; Scopus database; VOSviewer
Chen G.; Xiao L.	Selecting publication keywords for domain analysis in bibliometrics: A comparison of three methods	2016	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2016.01.006	Publication keywords have been widely utilized to reveal the knowledge structure of research domains. An important but under-addressed problem is the decision of which keywords should be retained as analysis objects after a great number of keywords are gathered from domain publications. In this paper, we discuss the problems with the traditional term frequency (TF) method and introduce two alternative methods: TF-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) and TF-Keyword Activity Index (TF-KAI). These two methods take into account keyword discrimination by considering their frequency both in and out of the domain. To test their performance, the keywords they select in China's Digital Library domain are evaluated both qualitatively and quantitatively. The evaluation results show that the TF-KAI method performs the best: it can retain keywords that match expert selection much better and reveal the research specialization of the domain with more details. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.	Digital Library in China; Domain analysis; Keyword Activity Index; Keyword analysis
Franceschet M.; Costantini A.	The effect of scholar collaboration on impact and quality of academic papers	2010	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2010.06.003	We study how scholar collaboration varies across disciplines in science, social science, arts and humanities and the effects of author collaboration on impact and quality of co-authored papers. Impact is measured with the aid of citations collected by papers, while quality is determined by the judgements expressed by peer reviewers. To this end, we take advantage of the dataset provided by the first-ever national research assessment exercise of Italian universities, which involved 20 disciplinary areas, 102 research structures, 18,500 research products, and 6661 peer reviewers. Collaboration intensity neatly varies across disciplines: it is inescapable is most sciences and negligible in most humanities. We measured a general positive association between cardinality of the author set of a paper and citation count as well as peer quality of the contribution. The correlation is stronger when the affiliations of authors are heterogeneous. There exist, however, notable and interesting counter-examples. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Peer review; Scholar collaboration
Tooley U.A.; Bassett D.S.; Mackey A.P.	Environmental influences on the pace of brain development	2021	Nature Reviews Neuroscience	10.1038/s41583-021-00457-5	Childhood socio-economic status (SES), a measure of the availability of material and social resources, is one of the strongest predictors of lifelong well-being. Here we review evidence that experiences associated with childhood SES affect not only the outcome but also the pace of brain development. We argue that higher childhood SES is associated with protracted structural brain development and a prolonged trajectory of functional network segregation, ultimately leading to more efficient cortical networks in adulthood. We hypothesize that greater exposure to chronic stress accelerates brain maturation, whereas greater access to novel positive experiences decelerates maturation. We discuss the impact of variation in the pace of brain development on plasticity and learning. We provide a generative theoretical framework to catalyse future basic science and translational research on environmental influences on brain development. © 2021, Springer Nature Limited.	N/A
Perez-Vizcaino F.; Fraga C.G.	Research trends in flavonoids and health	2018	Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics	10.1016/j.abb.2018.03.022	Herein we describe, based on some bibliometric data, how the field of research on flavonoids has evolved over the last 25 years. The number of papers on flavonoids has risen in an exponential manner over these years, much faster than other fields on food constituents. This increase appears to be related to the contemporary explosion of interest in healthy foods, supplements and nutraceuticals. It was also probably triggered by large epidemiological studies on fruits and vegetables, and particularly on flavonoids, consumption and incidence of cancer, stroke and coronary heart disease. The widely distributed flavonols constitute the flavonoid subgroup upon which the greatest interest has been focused, followed by flavanols and more recently by anthocyanidins and other related polyphenols such as resveratrol. Research on isoflavones rapidly emerged in the 1990s but plateaued in the 2000s. In the 1990s flavonoids were mainly considered as the active components of medicinal plants, while from 2000 onward, they switched to be mainly regarded as bioactive food ingredients. We envision a continuation in the growth of research for the coming decade focused on clearly demonstrating the importance of flavonoids for human health. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometry; Flavonoids; Health; Polyphenols; Resveratrol
Van Eck N.J.; Waltman L.	Bibliometric mapping of the computational intelligence field	2007	International Journal of Uncertainty, Fuzziness and Knowldege-Based Systems	10.1142/S0218488507004911	In this paper, a bibliometric study of the computational intelligence field is presented. Bibliometric maps showing the associations between the main concepts in the field are provided for the periods 1996-2000 and 2001-2005. Both the current structure of the field and the evolution of the field over the last decade are analyzed. In addition, a number of emerging areas in the field are identified. It turns out that computational intelligence can best be seen as a field that is structured around four important types of problems, namely control problems, classification problems, regression problems, and optimization problems. Within the computational intelligence field, the neural networks and fuzzy systems subfields are fairly intertwined, whereas the evolutionary computation subfield has a relatively independent position. © World Scientific Publishing Company.	Bibliometric mapping; Bibliometrics; Computational intelligence; Evolutionary computation; Fuzzy systems; Neural networks
Porter A.L.; Youtie J.	How interdisciplinary is nanotechnology?	2009	Journal of Nanoparticle Research	10.1007/s11051-009-9607-0	"Facilitating cross-disciplinary research has attracted much attention in recent years, with special concerns in nanoscience and nanotechnology. Although policy discourse has emphasized that nanotechnology is substantively integrative, some analysts have countered that it is really a loose amalgam of relatively traditional pockets of physics, chemistry, and other disciplines that interrelate only weakly. We are developing empirical measures to gauge and visualize the extent and nature of interdisciplinary interchange. Such results speak to research organization, funding, and mechanisms to bolster knowledge transfer. In this study, we address the nature of cross-disciplinary linkages using ""science overlay maps"" of articles, and their references, that have been categorized into subject categories. We find signs that the rate of increase in nano research is slowing, and that its composition is changing (for one, increasing chemistry-related activity). Our results suggest that nanotechnology research encompasses multiple disciplines that draw knowledge from disciplinarily diverse knowledge sources. Nano research is highly, and increasingly, integrative-but so is much of science these days. Tabulating and mapping nano research activity show a dominant core in materials sciences, broadly defined. Additional analyses and maps show that nano research draws extensively upon knowledge presented in other areas; it is not constricted within narrow silos. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media B.V."	Bibliometrics; Interdisciplinarity; Nanoscale science and engineering; Nanotechnology research activity patterns; Nanotechnology trends; Science mapping
Santamaría L.; Mihaljević H.	Comparison and benchmark of name-to- gender inference services	2018	PeerJ Computer Science	10.7717/peerj-cs.156	The increased interest in analyzing and explaining gender inequalities in tech, media, and academia highlights the need for accurate inference methods to predict a person's gender from their name. Several such services exist that provide access to large databases of names, often enriched with information from social media profiles, culture-specific rules, and insights from sociolinguistics. We compare and benchmark five nameto- gender inference services by applying them to the classification of a test data set consisting of 7,076 manually labeled names. The compiled names are analyzed and characterized according to their geographical and cultural origin. We define a series of performance metrics to quantify various types of classification errors, and define a parameter tuning procedure to search for optimal values of the services' free parameters. Finally, we perform benchmarks of all services under study regarding several scenarios where a particular metric is to be optimized. © 2018 Santamaría and Mihaljević.	Bibliometrics; Classification algorithms; Gender analysis; Name-based gender inference; Performance evaluation; Scientometrics
Haunschild R.; Bornmann L.; Marx W.	Climate change research in view of bibliometrics	2016	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0160393	This bibliometric study of a large publication set dealing with research on climate change aims at mapping the relevant literature from a bibliometric perspective and presents a multitude of quantitative data: (1) The growth of the overall publication output as well as (2) of some major subfields, (3) the contributing journals and countries as well as their citation impact, and (4) a title word analysis aiming to illustrate the time evolution and relative importance of specific research topics. The study is based on 222,060 papers (articles and reviews only) published between 1980 and 2014. The total number of papers shows a strong increase with a doubling every 5–6 years. Continental biomass related research is the major subfield, closely followed by climate modeling. Research dealing with adaptation, mitigation, risks, and vulnerability of global warming is comparatively small, but their share of papers increased exponentially since 2005. Research on vulnerability and on adaptation published the largest proportion of very important papers (in terms of citation impact). Climate change research has become an issue also for disciplines beyond the natural sciences. The categories Engineering and Social Sciences show the strongest field-specific relative increase. The Journal of Geophysical Research, the Journal of Climate, the Geophysical Research Letters, and Climatic Change appear at the top positions in terms of the total number of papers published. Research on climate change is quantitatively dominated by the USA, followed by the UK, Germany, and Canada. The citation-based indicators exhibit consistently that the UK has produced the largest proportion of high impact papers compared to the other countries (having published more than 10,000 papers). Also, Switzerland, Denmark and also The Netherlands (with a publication output between around 3,000 and 6,000 papers) perform top—the impact of their contributions is on a high level. The title word analysis shows that the term climate change comes forward with time. Furthermore, the term impact arises and points to research dealing with the various effects of climate change. The discussion of the question of human induced climate change towards a clear fact (for the majority of the scientific community) stimulated research on future pathways for adaptation and mitigation. Finally, the term model and related terms prominently appear independent of time, indicating the high relevance of climate modeling. © 2016 Haunschild et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Diane Cooper I.	Bibliometrics basics	2015	Journal of the Medical Library Association	10.3163/1536-5050.103.4.013	[No abstract available]	N/A
Saxena S.; Paraje G.; Sharan P.; Karam G.; Sadana R.	The 10/90 divide in mental health research: Trends over a 10-year period	2006	British Journal of Psychiatry	10.1192/bjp.bp.105.011221	A search (precision value 94%, recall value 93%) of the ISI Web of Science database (1992-2001) revealed that mental health publications accounted for 3-4% of the health literature. A10/90 divide in internationally accessible mental health literature was evident and remained undiminished through 10 years as low- and middle-income countries (n=152) contributed only 6%, high-income countries (n=54) 94%, and 14 leading high-income countries (with more than 1% contribution for majority of years under consideration) contributed 90% of internationally accessible mental health research. Steps should be taken to improve the research infrastructure and capacity to conduct and disseminate mental health research in general, and on a priority basis in low- and middle-income countries.	N/A
York B.; O'Malley B.W.	Steroid Receptor Coactivator (SRC) family: Masters of systems biology	2010	Journal of Biological Chemistry	10.1074/jbc.R110.193367	The three members of the p160 family of steroid receptor coactivators (SRC-1, SRC-2, and SRC-3) steer the functional output of numerous genetic programs and serve as pleiotropic rheostats for diverse physiological processes. Since their discovery ∼15 years ago, the extraordinary sum of examination of SRC function has shaped the foundation of our knowledge for the now 350+ coregulators that have been identified to date. In this perspective, we retrace our steps into the field of co-regulators and provide a summary of selected seminal work that helped define the SRCs as masters of systems biology. © 2010 by The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.	N/A
Gallardo-Gallardo E.; Nijs S.; Dries N.; Gallo P.	Towards an understanding of talent management as a phenomenon-driven field using bibliometric and content analysis	2015	Human Resource Management Review	10.1016/j.hrmr.2015.04.003	This review adopts a phenomenon-driven approach in reviewing the talent management (TM) literature, applying methods derived from bibliometrics and content analysis to evaluate the state of the field and derive implications for research and practice unbiased towards a-priori assumptions of which frameworks or methods are most adequate. Based on analyses of publication volume, journals and their impact factors, most cited articles and authors, preferred methods, and represented countries, we assess whether TM should be approached as an embryonic, growth, or mature phenomenon, and examine dominant (i.e., resource-based view, international human resource management, employee assessment, and institutionalism) versus 'alternative' (i.e., knowledge management, career management, strength-based approach, and social exchange theory) theoretical frameworks. Our goal is to assist TM researchers in positioning their work more explicitly vis-à-vis current debates in the existing literature and encourage them to think about which approach best fits their research aims, questions, and designs. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric analysis; Content analysis; Literature review; Phenomenon-driven research; Talent management
Park J.J.H.; Siden E.; Zoratti M.J.; Dron L.; Harari O.; Singer J.; Lester R.T.; Thorlund K.; Mills E.J.	Systematic review of basket trials, umbrella trials, and platform trials: A landscape analysis of master protocols	2019	Trials	10.1186/s13063-019-3664-1	Background: Master protocols, classified as basket trials, umbrella trials, and platform trials, are novel designs that investigate multiple hypotheses through concurrent sub-studies (e.g., multiple treatments or populations or that allow adding/removing arms during the trial), offering enhanced efficiency and a more ethical approach to trial evaluation. Despite the many advantages of these designs, they are infrequently used. Methods: We conducted a landscape analysis of master protocols using a systematic literature search to determine what trials have been conducted and proposed for an overall goal of improving the literacy in this emerging concept. On July 8, 2019, English-language studies were identified from MEDLINE, EMBASE, and CENTRAL databases and hand searches of published reviews and registries. Results: We identified 83 master protocols (49 basket, 18 umbrella, and 16 platform trials). The number of master protocols has increased rapidly over the last five years. Most have been conducted in the US (n = 44/83) and investigated experimental drugs (n = 82/83) in the field of oncology (n = 76/83). The majority of basket trials were exploratory (i.e., phase I/II; n = 47/49) and not randomized (n = 44/49), and more than half (n = 28/48) investigated only a single intervention. The median sample size of basket trials was 205 participants (interquartile range, Q3-Q1 [IQR]: 500-90 = 410), and the median study duration was 22.3 (IQR: 74.1-42.9 = 31.1) months. Similar to basket trials, most umbrella trials were exploratory (n = 16/18), but the use of randomization was more common (n = 8/18). The median sample size of umbrella trials was 346 participants (IQR: 565-252 = 313), and the median study duration was 60.9 (IQR: 81.3-46.9 = 34.4) months. The median number of interventions investigated in umbrella trials was 5 (IQR: 6-4 = 2). The majority of platform trials were randomized (n = 15/16), and phase III investigation (n = 7/15; one did not report information on phase) was more common in platform trials with four of them using seamless II/III design. The median sample size was 892 (IQR: 1835-255 = 1580), and the median study duration was 58.9 (IQR: 101.3-36.9 = 64.4) months. Conclusions: We anticipate that the number of master protocols will continue to increase at a rapid pace over the upcoming decades. More efforts to improve awareness and training are needed to apply these innovative trial design methods to fields outside of oncology. © 2019 The Author(s).	Basket trials; Master protocols; Multi-Arm, multi-stage design; Platform trials; Umbrella trials
Arsad A.Z.; Hannan M.A.; Al-Shetwi A.Q.; Mansur M.; Muttaqi K.M.; Dong Z.Y.; Blaabjerg F.	Hydrogen energy storage integrated hybrid renewable energy systems: A review analysis for future research directions	2022	International Journal of Hydrogen Energy	10.1016/j.ijhydene.2022.03.208	Hydrogen energy storage systems (HydESS) and their integration with renewable energy sources into the grid have the greatest potential for energy production and storage while controlling grid demand to enhance energy sustainability. This paper presents a bibliometric analysis based on a comprehensive review of the highly cited articles on HydESS to provide a detailed insight into future directions and applications. The study was carried out by using the Scopus database search engine to look for filtered keywords in the HydESS and related research. It can be demonstrated that the HydESS literature expanded rapidly from 2016 to 2021 compared to 2011 to 2015. It is found that 89.17% of published articles explained control and test systems-based methods, whereas 10.83% of publications discuss review assessments. Our analysis of highly cited articles on HydESS highlights several aspects, such as methods and systems, issues, difficulties, and challenges to establishing current constraints and research gaps. This evaluation can enhance operational performance, environmental friendliness, energy savings, uninterrupted power supply service, cost benefits, on-site generation, and adaptability. It would be beneficial for technology development and the growth of the hydESS industry. This study may act as a guideline not only for academics in determining the line of research and generating additional discoveries, but also for the government in formulating financial strategies. © 2022 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC	Bibliometric analysis; Control method; Highly cited articles; Hydrogen energy storage system; Microgrid; Renewable energy
Kelly J.C.; Glynn R.W.; O'Briain D.E.; Felle P.; McCabe J.P.	The 100 classic papers of orthopaedic surgery: A bibliometric analysis	2010	Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery - Series B	10.1302/0301-620X.92B10.24867	The credibility and creativity of an author may be gauged by the number of scientific papers he or she has published, as well as the frequency of citations of a particular paper reflecting the impact of the data on the area of practice. The object of this study was to identify and analyse the qualities of the top 100 cited papers in orthopaedic surgery. The database of the Science Citation Index of the Institute for Scientific Information (1945 to 2008) was used. A total of 1490 papers were cited more than 100 times, with the top 100 being subjected to further analysis. The majority originated in the United States, followed by the United Kingdom. The top 100 papers were published in seven specific orthopaedic journals. Analysis of the most-cited orthopaedic papers allows us a unique insight into the qualitites, characteristics and clinical innovations required for a paper to attain 'classic' status. ©2010 British Editorial Society of Bone and Joint Surgery.	N/A
Choudhri A.F.; Siddiqui A.; Khan N.R.; Cohen H.L.	Understanding bibliometric parameters and analysis	2015	Radiographics	10.1148/rg.2015140036	Bibliometric parameters have become an important part of modern assessment of academic productivity. These parameters exist for the purpose of evaluating authors (publication count, citation count, h-index, m-quotient, hc-index, e-index, g-index, i-10 [i-n] index) and journals (impact factor, Eigenfactor, article infuence score, SC Imago journal rank, source-normalized impact per paper). Although in recent years there has been a proliferation of bibliometric parameters, the true meaning and appropriate use of these parameters is generally not well understood. Effective use of existing and emerging bibliometric tools can aid in assessment of academic productivity, including readiness for promotions and other awards. However, if not properly understood, the data can be misinterpreted and may be subject to manipulation. Familiarity with bibliometric parameters will aid in their effective implementation in the review of authors—whether individuals or groups—and journals, as well as their possible use in the promotions review process, maximizing the effectiveness of bibliometric analysis. © RSNA, 2015.	N/A
Liang Y.-D.; Li Y.; Zhao J.; Wang X.-Y.; Zhu H.-Z.; Chen X.-H.	Study of acupuncture for low back pain in recent 20 years: A bibliometric analysis via CiteSpace	2017	Journal of Pain Research	10.2147/JPR.S132808	Background: Acupuncture has been applied to relieve low back pain (LBP) in many countries. However, a bibliometric analysis of the global use of acupuncture for LBP is rare. Objective: The aim of this study was to demonstrate the state of the art and trends concerning the global use of acupuncture for LBP in recent 20 years. Methods: Literature relating to acupuncture for LBP from 1997 to 2016 was retrieved from Web of Science. CiteSpace was used to analyze country/institution, cited journals, authors/cited authors, cited references, and keywords. An analysis of counts and centrality was used to reveal publication outputs, countries/institutions, core journals, active authors, foundation references, hot topics, and frontiers. Results: A total of 958 references were obtained, and the total number of publications continually increased over the investigated period. Journal articles (662) were the most frequently occurring document type. The most productive country and institution in this field was the USA (342) and Harvard University (47), respectively. The J Altern Complem Med (69) was the most productive journal, and Pain (636) was the most cocited journal, which reflected the nature of the research. The Haake’s (2007) article (cocitation counts: 130) and the Cherkin’s (2001) article (centrality: 0.59) were the most representative and symbolic references, with the highest cocitation number and centrality, respectively. Cherkin was the most influential author, with the highest number of publications of 25 and a cocitation number of 226. The four hot topics in acupuncture for LBP were research method, evaluation, economy, and comprehensive therapy. The three frontier topics were intervention, test reliability, and prevalence. Conclusion: This study provides an insight into acupuncture for LBP and valuable information for acupuncture researchers to identify new perspectives on potential collaborators and cooperative institutions, hot topics, and research frontiers. © 2017 Liang et al.	Acupuncture; Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Cocitation; Low back pain
Jöns H.; Hoyler M.	Global geographies of higher education: The perspective of world university rankings	2013	Geoforum	10.1016/j.geoforum.2012.12.014	This paper contributes to emerging debates about uneven global geographies of higher education through a critical analysis of world university rankings. Drawing on recent work in geography, international higher education and bibliometrics, the paper examines two of the major international ranking schemes that have had significant public impact in the context of the on-going neoliberalization of higher education. We argue that the emergence of these global rankings reflects a scalar shift in the geopolitics and geoeconomics of higher education from the national to the global that prioritizes academic practices and discourses conducted in particular places and fields of research. Our analysis illustrates how the substantial variation in ranking criteria produces not only necessarily partial but also very specific global geographies of higher education. In comparison, these reveal a wider tension in the knowledge-based economy between established knowledge centers in Europe and the United States and emerging knowledge hubs in Asia Pacific. An analysis of individual ranking criteria, however, suggests that other measures and subject-specific perspectives would produce very different landscapes of higher education. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd	Globalization; Higher education; Internationalization; Knowledge-based economy; Universities; World university rankings
Salmerón-Manzano E.; Garrido-Cardenas J.A.; Manzano-Agugliaro F.	Worldwide research trends on medicinal plants	2020	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph17103376	The use of medicinal plants has been done since ancient times and may even be considered the origin of modern medicine. Compounds of plant origin have been and still are an important source of compounds for drugs. In this study a bibliometric study of all the works indexed in the Scopus database until 2019 has been carried out, analyzing more than 100,000 publications. On the one hand, the main countries, institutions and authors researching this topic have been identified, as well as their evolution over time. On the other hand, the links between the authors, the countries and the topics under research have been analyzed through the detection of communities. The last two periods, from 2009 to 2014 and from 2015 to 2019, have been examined in terms of research topics. It has been observed that the areas of study or clusters have been reduced, those of the last period being those engaged in unclassified drug, traditional medicine, cancer, in vivo study—antidiabetic activity, and animals—anti-inflammatory activity. In summary, it has been observed that the trend in global research is focused more on the search for new medicines or active compounds rather than on the cultivation or domestication of plant species with this demonstrated potential. © 2020 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	Bibliometrics; Drugs; Medicinal plants; Traditional medicine; Worldwide research
Martínez M.A.; Cobo M.J.; Herrera M.; Herrera-Viedma E.	Analyzing the Scientific Evolution of Social Work Using Science Mapping	2015	Research on Social Work Practice	10.1177/1049731514522101	[No abstract available]	bibliometrics; h-index; information discovering; science mapping; social work; thematic evolution
Abramo G.; D’Angelo C.A.	How do you define and measure research productivity?	2014	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-014-1269-8	Productivity is the quintessential indicator of efficiency in any production system. It seems it has become a norm in bibliometrics to define research productivity as the number of publications per researcher, distinguishing it from impact. In this work we operationalize the economic concept of productivity for the specific context of research activity and show the limits of the commonly accepted definition. We propose then a measurable form of research productivity through the indicator “Fractional Scientific Strength (FSS)”, in keeping with the microeconomic theory of production. We present the methodology for measure of FSS at various levels of analysis: individual, field, discipline, department, institution, region and nation. Finally, we compare the ranking lists of Italian universities by the two definitions of research productivity. © 2014, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	FSS; Research evaluation; Research productivity; University rankings
Woitowich N.C.; Beery A.K.; Woodruff T.K.	A 10-year follow-up study of sex inclusion in the biological sciences	2020	eLife	10.7554/eLife.56344	In 2016, to address the historical overrepresentation of male subjects in biomedical research, the US National Institutes of Health implemented a policy requiring investigators to consider sex as a biological variable. In order to assess the impact of this policy, we conducted a bibliometric analysis across nine biological disciplines for papers published in 34 journals in 2019, and compared our results with those of a similar study carried out by Beery and Zucker in 2009. There was a significant increase in the proportion of studies that included both sexes across all nine disciplines, but in eight of the disciplines there was no change in the proportion studies that included data analyzed by sex. The majority of studies failed to provide rationale for single-sex studies or the lack of sex-based analyses, and those that did relied on misconceptions surrounding the hormonal variability of females. Together, these data demonstrate that while sex-inclusive research practices are more commonplace, there are still gaps in analyses and reporting of data by sex in many biological disciplines. © Woitowich et al.	N/A
Ninkov A.; Frank J.R.; Maggio L.A.	Bibliometrics: Methods for studying academic publishing	2022	Perspectives on Medical Education	10.1007/s40037-021-00695-4	Bibliometrics is the study of academic publishing that uses statistics to describe publishing trends and to highlight relationships between published works. Likened to epidemiology, researchers seek to answer questions about a field based on data about publications (e.g., authors, topics, funding) in the same way that an epidemiologist queries patient data to understand the health of a population. In this Eye Opener, the authors introduce bibliometrics and define its key terminology and concepts, including relational and evaluative bibliometrics. Readers are introduced to common bibliometric methods and their related strengths and weaknesses. The authors provide examples of bibliometrics applied in health professions education and propose potential future research directions. Health professions educators are consumers of bibliometric reports and can adopt its methodologies for future studies. © 2021, The Author(s).	Bibliometrics; Information science; Scholarly communication
Takada T.; Strasberg S.M.; Solomkin J.S.; Pitt H.A.; Gomi H.; Yoshida M.; Mayumi T.; Miura F.; Gouma D.J.; Garden O.J.; Büchler M.W.; Kiriyama S.; Yokoe M.; Kimura Y.; Tsuyuguchi T.; Itoi T.; Gabata T.; Higuchi R.; Okamoto K.; Hata J.; Murata A.; Kusachi S.; Windsor J.A.; Supe A.N.; Lee S.; Chen X.-P.; Yamashita Y.; Hirata K.; Inui K.; Sumiyama Y.	TG13: Updated Tokyo Guidelines for the management of acute cholangitis and cholecystitis	2013	Journal of Hepato-Biliary-Pancreatic Sciences	10.1007/s00534-012-0566-y	In 2007, the Tokyo Guidelines for the management of acute cholangitis and cholecystitis (TG07) were first published in the Journal of Hepato-Biliary- Pancreatic Surgery. The fundamental policy of TG07 was to achieve the objectives of TG07 through the development of consensus among specialists in this field throughout the world. Considering such a situation, validation and feedback from the clinicians' viewpoints were indispensable. What had been pointed out from clinical practice was the low diagnostic sensitivity of TG07 for acute cholangitis and the presence of divergence between severity assessment and clinical judgment for acute cholangitis. In June 2010, we set up the Tokyo Guidelines Revision Committee for the revision of TG07 (TGRC) and started the validation of TG07. We also set up new diagnostic criteria and severity assessment criteria by retrospectively analyzing cases of acute cholangitis and cholecystitis, including cases of non-inflammatory biliary disease, collected from multiple institutions. TGRC held meetings a total of 35 times as well as international email exchanges with co-authors abroad. On June 9 and September 6, 2011, and on April 11, 2012, we held three International Meetings for the Clinical Assessment and Revision of Tokyo Guidelines. Through these meetings, the final draft of the updated Tokyo Guidelines (TG13) was prepared on the basis of the evidence from retrospective multi-center analyses. To be specific, discussion took place involving the revised new diagnostic criteria, and the new severity assessment criteria, new flowcharts of the management of acute cholangitis and cholecystitis, recommended medical care for which new evidence had been added, new recommendations for gallbladder drainage and antimicrobial therapy, and the role of surgical intervention. Management bundles for acute cholangitis and cholecystitis were introduced for effective dissemination with the level of evidence and the grade of recommendations. GRADE systems were utilized to provide the level of evidence and the grade of recommendations. TG13 improved the diagnostic sensitivity for acute cholangitis and cholecystitis, and presented criteria with extremely low false positive rates adapted for clinical practice. Furthermore, severity assessment criteria adapted for clinical use, flowcharts, and many new diagnostic and therapeutic modalities were presented. The bundles for the management of acute cholangitis and cholecystitis are presented in a separate section in TG13. Free full-text articles and a mobile application of TG13 are available via http://www.jshbps. jp/en/guideline/tg13.html. © 2012 Japanese Society of Hepato-Biliary- Pancreatic Surgery and Springer.	Acute cholangitis; Acute cholecystitis; Biliary infection; Charcot's triad; GRADE
Gaviria-Marin M.; Merigo J.M.; Popa S.	Twenty years of the Journal of Knowledge Management: a bibliometric analysis	2018	Journal of Knowledge Management	10.1108/JKM-10-2017-0497	Purpose: In 2017, the Journal of Knowledge Management (JKM) celebrates its 20th anniversary. This study aims to show an updated analysis of their publications to provide a general overview of the journal, focusing on a bibliometric analysis of its publications between 1997 and 2016. Design/methodology/approach: The methodology involves two procedures: a performance analysis and a science mapping analysis of JKM. The performance analysis uses a series of bibliometric indicators such as h-index, productivity and citations. This analysis considers different dimensions, including papers, authors, universities and countries. VOSviewer software is used to carry out the mapping of science of JKM, which, based on the concurrence of key words and co-citation points of view, seeks to graphically analyze the structure of the references of this journal. Findings: There is a positive evolution in the number of publications (although with certain oscillations), which shows a growing interest in publishing in JKM. The USA and the UK lead the publications in this journal, although at a regional level, Europe is the most productive. The low participation of emerging economies in JKM is also observed. Practical implications: The paper will identify the leading trends in the journal in terms of papers, authors, institutions, countries, journals and keywords. This study is useful for obtaining a quick snapshot of what is happening in the journal. Originality/value: From the historical record of JKM publications, this study presents an exclusive bibliometric analysis of its publications until 2016 and identifies its main trends. © 2018, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation; h-index; Journal analysis; Science mapping; Scopus
Norouzi M.; Chàfer M.; Cabeza L.F.; Jiménez L.; Boer D.	Circular economy in the building and construction sector: A scientific evolution analysis	2021	Journal of Building Engineering	10.1016/j.jobe.2021.102704	The building industry is responsible for considerable environmental impacts due to its consumption of resources and energy, and the production of wastes. Circular Economy (CE), a new paradigm can significantly improve the sustainability of this sector. This paper performs a quantitative scientific evolution analysis of the application of CE in the building sector to detect new trends and highlight the evolvement of this research topic. Around 7000 documents published 2005 to 2020 at Web of Science and Scopus were collected and analyzed. The bibliometric indicators, network citation, and multivariate statistical analysis were obtained using Bibliometrix R-package and VOSviewer. The co-occurrence analysis showed five keyword-clusters, in which the three main ones are: (i) energy and energy efficiency in buildings; (ii) recycling, waste management and alternative construction materials; (iii) sustainable development. The analysis showed that researchers pay close attention to “sustainability”, “energy efficiency”, “life cycle assessment”, “renewable energy”, and “recycling” in the past five years. This paper highlights that (i) the development and use of alternative construction materials; (ii) the development of circular business models; (iii) smart cities, Industry 4.0 and their relations with CE, are the current research hotspots that may be considered as potential future research topics. © 2021 The Author(s)	Bibliometric analysis; Building; Circular economy; Construction sector; Science mapping; Sustainable development
Guo Y.; Hao Z.; Zhao S.; Gong J.; Yang F.	Artificial intelligence in health care: Bibliometric analysis	2020	Journal of Medical Internet Research	10.2196/18228	Background: As a critical driving power to promote health care, the health care-related artificial intelligence (AI) literature is growing rapidly. Objective: The purpose of this analysis is to provide a dynamic and longitudinal bibliometric analysis of health care-related AI publications. Methods: The Web of Science (Clarivate PLC) was searched to retrieve all existing and highly cited AI-related health care research papers published in English up to December 2019. Based on bibliometric indicators, a search strategy was developed to screen the title for eligibility, using the abstract and full text where needed. The growth rate of publications, characteristics of research activities, publication patterns, and research hotspot tendencies were computed using the HistCite software. Results: The search identified 5235 hits, of which 1473 publications were included in the analyses. Publication output increased an average of 17.02% per year since 1995, but the growth rate of research papers significantly increased to 45.15% from 2014 to 2019. The major health problems studied in AI research are cancer, depression, Alzheimer disease, heart failure, and diabetes. Artificial neural networks, support vector machines, and convolutional neural networks have the highest impact on health care. Nucleosides, convolutional neural networks, and tumor markers have remained research hotspots through 2019. Conclusions: This analysis provides a comprehensive overview of the AI-related research conducted in the field of health care, which helps researchers, policy makers, and practitioners better understand the development of health care-related AI research and possible practice implications. Future AI research should be dedicated to filling in the gaps between AI health care research and clinical applications. © Yuqi Guo, Zhichao Hao, Shichong Zhao, Jiaqi Gong, Fan Yang. Originally published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research (http://www.jmir.org), 29.07.2020. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work, first published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research, is properly cited. The complete bibliographic information, a link to the original publication on http://www.jmir.org/, as well as this copyright and license information must be included	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Health care; Machine learning; Neural networks; Telehealth
Tague-Sutcliffe J.	An introduction to informetrics	1992	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/0306-4573(92)90087-G	The scope and significance of the field of informetrics is defined and related to the earlier fields of bibliometrics and scientometrics. The phenomena studied by informetricians are identified. The major contributors to the field in the past are described and current emphases are related to the contributions in this Special Issue. © 1992.	N/A
Sweileh W.M.; Al-Jabi S.W.; AbuTaha A.S.; Zyoud S.H.; Anayah F.M.A.; Sawalha A.F.	Bibliometric analysis of worldwide scientific literature in mobile - health: 2006-2016	2017	BMC Medical Informatics and Decision Making	10.1186/s12911-017-0476-7	Background: The advancement of mobile technology had positively influenced healthcare services. An emerging subfield of mobile technology is mobile health (m-Health) in which mobile applications are used for health purposes. The aim of this study was to analyze and assess literature published in the field of m-Health. Methods: SciVerse Scopus was used to retrieve literature in m-Health. The study period was set from 2006 to 2016. ArcGIS 10.1 was used to present geographical distribution of publications while VOSviewer was used for data visualization. Growth of publications, citation analysis, and research productivity were presented using standard bibliometric indicators. Results: During the study period, a total of 5465 documents were published, giving an average of 496.8 documents per year. The h-index of retrieved documents was 81. Core keywords used in literature pertaining to m-Health included diabetes mellitus, adherence, and obesity among others. Relative growth rate and doubling time of retrieved literature were stable from 2009 to 2015 indicating exponential growth of literature in this field. A total of 4638 (84.9%) documents were multi-authored with a mean collaboration index of 4.1 authors per article. The United States of America ranked first in productivity with 1926 (35.2%) published documents. India ranked sixth with 183 (3.3%) documents while China ranked seventh with 155(2.8%) documents. VA Medical Center was the most prolific organization/institution while Journal of Medical Internet Research was the preferred journal for publications in the field of m-Health. Top cited articles in the field of m-Health included the use of mobile technology in improving adherence in HIV patients, weight loss, and improving glycemic control in diabetic patients. Conclusion: The size of literature in m-Health showed a noticeable increase in the past decade. Given the large volume of citations received in this field, it is expected that applications of m-Health will be seen into various health aspects and health services. Research in m-Health needs to be encouraged, particularly in the fight against AIDS, poor medication adherence, glycemic control in Africa and other low income world regions where technology can improve health services and decrease disease burden. © 2017 The Author(s).	Bibliometric; Mobile Health; VOSviewer
Zhang Y.; Pu S.; Lv X.; Gao Y.; Ge L.	Global trends and prospects in microplastics research: A bibliometric analysis	2020	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2020.123110	Microplastic pollution is a global enviromental issues. This is the first time in recent decades that quantitative and qualitative evidence from bibliometrics and Altmetric has been used to conduct an in-depth statistical analysis of global microplastics research knowledge and demonstrate research progress, trends and hotspots. We comprehensively searched the Web of Science Core Collection scientific database from its inception (1986) to September 21, 2019. The study shown that the number of papers on microplastics has increased significantly since 2011. Worldwide, researchers in the field come mostly from Western Europe, mainly spread in the UK, Netherlands and Belgium. With the exception of China, the contribution of developing countries was very limited. Moreover, this study systematically elaborated the hotspots in this field (especially in ecological toxicity and human health risks). The results shown that research on marine systems and marine plankton is still dominant. Since human beings are the ultimate consumers of the food chain, microplastics may have potential effects on the human respiratory system and gastrointestinal tract. Towards that end, some topics and perspectives are noted that could indicate the current scientific hotspots and guide future research directions. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.	Altmetric; Bibliometric analysis; Ecological toxicity; Human health; Microplastics
Börner K.; Klavans R.; Patek M.; Zoss A.M.; Biberstine J.R.; Light R.P.; Larivière V.; Boyack K.W.	Design and update of a classification system: The ucsd map of science	2012	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0039464	Global maps of science can be used as a reference system to chart career trajectories, the location of emerging research frontiers, or the expertise profiles of institutes or nations. This paper details data preparation, analysis, and layout performed when designing and subsequently updating the UCSD map of science and classification system. The original classification and map use 7.2 million papers and their references from Elsevier's Scopus (about 15,000 source titles, 2001-2005) and Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WoS) Science, Social Science, Arts & Humanities Citation Indexes (about 9,000 source titles, 2001-2004)-about 16,000 unique source titles. The updated map and classification adds six years (2005-2010) of WoS data and three years (2006-2008) from Scopus to the existing category structure-increasing the number of source titles to about 25,000. To our knowledge, this is the first time that a widely used map of science was updated. A comparison of the original 5-year and the new 10-year maps and classification system show (i) an increase in the total number of journals that can be mapped by 9,409 journals (social sciences had a 80% increase, humanities a 119% increase, medical (32%) and natural science (74%)), (ii) a simplification of the map by assigning all but five highly interdisciplinary journals to exactly one discipline, (iii) a more even distribution of journals over the 554 subdisciplines and 13 disciplines when calculating the coefficient of variation, and (iv) a better reflection of journal clusters when compared with paper-level citation data. When evaluating the map with a listing of desirable features for maps of science, the updated map is shown to have higher mapping accuracy, easier understandability as fewer journals are multiply classified, and higher usability for the generation of data overlays, among others. © 2012 Börner et al.	N/A
Landhuis E.	Scientific literature: Information overload	2016	Nature	10.1038/nj7612-457a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Chen X.; Zou D.; Xie H.; Cheng G.; Liu C.	Two Decades of Artificial Intelligence in Education: Contributors, Collaborations, Research Topics, Challenges, and Future Directions	2022	Educational Technology and Society	N/A	With the increasing use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies in education, the number of published studies in the field has increased. However, no large-scale reviews have been conducted to comprehensively investigate the various aspects of this field. Based on 4,519 publications from 2000 to 2019, we attempt to fill this gap and identify trends and topics related to AI applications in education (AIEd) using topic-based bibliometrics. Results of the review reveal an increasing interest in using AI for educational purposes from the academic community. The main research topics include intelligent tutoring systems for special education; natural language processing for language education; educational robots for AI education; educational data mining for performance prediction; discourse analysis in computer-supported collaborative learning; neural networks for teaching evaluation; affective computing for learner emotion detection; and recommender systems for personalized learning. We also discuss the challenges and future directions of AIEd. © 2022,Educational Technology and Society. All rights reserved	Artificial intelligence in education; Bibliometric analysis; Research evolution; Research topics; Structural topic modeling
Larson R.R.	Bibliometrics of the world wide web: An exploratory analysis of the intellectual structure of cyberspace	1996	Proceedings of the ASIS Annual Meeting	N/A	"This exploratory study examines the explosive growth and the ""bibliometrics"" of the World Wide Web based on both analysis of over 30 gigabytes of web pages collected by the Inktomi ""Web Crawler"" and on the use of the DEC AltaVista search engine for cocitation analysis of a set of Earth Science related WWW sites. The statistical characteristics of web documents and their hypertext links are examined, along with examination of the characteristics of highly cited web documents."	N/A
Hyland A.; Barnoya J.; Corral J.E.	Smoke-free air policies: Past, present and future	2012	Tobacco Control	10.1136/tobaccocontrol-2011-050389	Smoke-free policies have been an important tobacco control intervention. As recently as 20 years ago, few communities required workplaces and hospitality venues to be smoke-free, but today approximately 11% of the world's population live in countries with laws that require these places to be smoke-free. This paper briefly summarises important milestones in the history of indoor smoke-free policies, the role of scientific research in facilitating their adoption, a framework for smoke-free policy evaluation and industry efforts to undermine regulations. At present, smoke-free policies centre on workplaces, restaurants and pubs. In addition, many jurisdictions are now beginning to implement policies in outdoor areas and in shared multiunit housing settings. The future of smoke-free policy development depends on credible scientific data that documents the health risks of secondhand smoke exposure. Over the next 20 years smoke-free policies will very likely extend to outdoor and private areas, and changes in the types of tobacco products that are consumed may also have implications for the nature and scope of the smoke-free policies of the future.	N/A
Hammarfelt B.	Using altmetrics for assessing research impact in the humanities	2014	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-014-1261-3	The prospects of altmetrics are especially encouraging for research fields in the humanities that currently are difficult to study using established bibliometric methods. Yet, little is known about the altmetric impact of research fields in the humanities. Consequently, this paper analyses the altmetric coverage and impact of humanities-oriented articles and books published by Swedish universities during 2012. Some of the most common altmetric sources are examined using a sample of 310 journal articles and 54 books. Mendeley has the highest coverage of journal articles (61 %) followed by Twitter (21 %) while very few of the publications are mentioned in blogs or on Facebook. Books, on the other hand, are quite often tweeted while both Mendeley’s and the novel data source Library Thing’s coverage is low. Many of the problems of applying bibliometrics to the humanities are also relevant for altmetric approaches; the importance of non-journal publications, the reliance on print as well the limited coverage of non-English language publications. However, the continuing development and diversification of methods suggests that altmetrics could evolve into a valuable tool for assessing research in the humanities. © 2014, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Altmetrics; Bibliometrics; Humanities; Library Thing; Mendeley; Twitter
Narin F.; Hamilton K.S.	Bibliometric performance measures	1996	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02129596	Three different types of bibliometrics - literature bibliometrics, patent bibliometrics, and linkage bibliometric can all be used to address various government performance and results questions. Applications of these three bibliometric types will be described within the framework of Weinberg's internal and external criteria, whether the work being done is good science, efficiently and effectively done, and whether it is important science from a technological viewpoint. Within all bibliometrics the fundamental assumption is that the frequency with which a set of papers or patents is cited is a measure of the impact or influence of the set of papers. The literature bibliometric indicators are counts of publications and citations received in the scientific literature and various derived indicators including such phenomena as cross-sectoral citation, coauthorship and concentration within influential journals. One basic observation of literature bibliometrics, which carries over to patent bibliometrics, is that of highly skewed distributions - with a relatively small number of high-impact patents and papers, and large numbers of patents and papers of minimal impact. The key measure is whether an agency is producing or supporting highly cited papers and patents. The final set of data are in the area of linkage bibliometrics, looking at citations from patents to scientific papers. These are particularly relevant to the external criteria, in that it is quite obvious that institutions and supporting agencies whose papers are highly cited in patents are making measurable contributions to a nation's technological progress.	N/A
Bhatt Y.; Ghuman K.; Dhir A.	Sustainable manufacturing. Bibliometrics and content analysis	2020	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2020.120988	Businesses have practiced and examined lean and green manufacturing principles for the last 25 years, but the sustainability challenges that we face today are still significantly potent. This context creates a need to critically examine the research and practice in this domain to determine the gaps and propose solutions. To achieve that, we applied a two-tier analysis constituting bibliometric and content analyses for developing the intellectual structure of sustainable manufacturing (SM) literature. The study also produced a comprehensive framework to provide a granular understanding of SM literature. The framework demonstrates different paradigms of SM literature as well as the conceptual and methodological advancement of the research frontiers in the domain. The outcomes of the research comprise implications for researchers, managers, and policymakers. The study concludes that most empirical work focuses on the relationship of lean and green practices with organizational and environmental performance, but the role and criticality of sustainability are significantly underrepresented in SM literature. Based on our findings, we call for the integration of sustainability principles, that is, sustainable development goals (SDGs), circular economy, life cycle engineering, and corporate sustainability assessment with SM research. © 2020 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Content analysis; Environmental management practices; Green supply chain management (GrSCM); Sustainability; Sustainable manufacturing (SM)
Aggarwal A.; Lewison G.; Idir S.; Peters M.; Aldige C.; Boerckel W.; Boyle P.; Trimble E.L.; Roe P.; Sethi T.; Fox J.; Sullivan R.	The state of lung cancer research: A global analysis	2016	Journal of Thoracic Oncology	10.1016/j.jtho.2016.03.010	Introduction: Lung cancer is the leading cause of years of life lost because of cancer and is associated with the highest economic burden relative to other tumor types. Research remains at the cornerstone of achieving improved outcomes of lung cancer. We present the results of a comprehensive analysis of global lung cancer research between 2004 and 2013 (10 years). Methods: The study used bibliometrics to undertake a quantitative analysis of research output in the 24 leading countries in cancer research internationally on the basis of articles and reviews in the Web of Science (WoS) database. Results: A total of 32,161 lung cancer research articles from 2085 different journals were analyzed. Lung cancer research represented only 5.6% of overall cancer research in 2013, a 1.2% increase since 2004. The commitment to lung cancer research has fallen in most countries apart from China and shows no correlation with lung cancer burden. A review of key research types demonstrated that diagnostics, screening, and quality of life research represent 4.3%, 1.8%, and 0.3% of total lung cancer research, respectively. The leading research types were genetics (20%), systemic therapies (17%), and prognostic biomarkers (16%). Research output is increasingly basic science, with a decrease in clinical translational research output during this period. Conclusions: Our findings have established that relative to the huge health, social, and economic burden associated with lung cancer, the level of world research output lags significantly behind that of research on other malignancies. Commitment to diagnostics, screening, and quality of life research is much lower than to basic science and medical research. The study findings are expected to provide the requisite knowledge to guide future cancer research programs in lung cancer. © 2016 International Association for the Study of Lung Cancer. Published by Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Health policy; Lung cancer; Research
Chen H.; Jiang W.; Yang Y.; Yang Y.; Man X.	State of the art on food waste research: a bibliometrics study from 1997 to 2014	2017	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2015.11.085	The interest for food waste (FW) in the scientific community has been growing consistently in the most recent years. This is reflected by the number of publications (journal articles and proceedings papers) which can be accessed in the Web of Science (WoS) database. However, lacking of systematic, chronological and synthesizing studies indicating how this field has evolved over time. The main objective of this paper is to consolidate the state of the art of research on FW, based on a bibliometrics study of articles published over the past 18 years. The results are discussed under the following perspectives: chronological distribution, countries, institutions, source titles, subject categories, and author keywords. It is found that the FW research has increased rapidly over past 18 years, most notably in the last 8 years. In total, 2340 research articles were published in 801 journals and in 161 WoS subject categories. The top 7 productive countries were analyzed herein. The predominance of Chinese institutions in terms of article count and a predominance of industrialized countries' institutions in terms of citation score were compared. Finally, based on keywords analysis, it comes to the conclusion that the clean energy, treatment and valorization, and management innovation have attracted extensive attention during the past decade. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Citation score; Food waste; Trend analysis; Web of science
Georghiou L.; Roessner D.	Evaluating technology programs: Tools and methods	2000	Research Policy	10.1016/S0048-7333(99)00094-3	This article reviews the analytical tools, methods, and designs being used to evaluate public programs intended to stimulate technological advance. The review is organized around broad policy categories rather than particular types of policy intervention, because methods used are rarely chosen independent of context. The categories addressed include publicly-supported research conducted in universities and public sector research organizations; evaluations of linkages, especially those programs seeking to promote academic-industrial and public-private partnerships; and the evaluation of diffusion and industrial extension programs. The internal evaluation procedures of science such as peer review and bibliometrics are not covered, nor are methods used to projects and individuals ex ante. Among the conclusion is the observation that evaluation work has had less of an impact in the literature that it deserves, in part because much of the most detailed and valuable work is not easily obtainable. A second conclusion is that program evaluations and performance reviews, which have distinctive objectives, measures, and tools, are becoming entangled, with the lines between the two becoming blurred. Finally, new approaches to measuring the payoffs from research that focus on linkages between knowledge producers and users, and on the characteristics of research networks, appear promising as the limitations of the production function and related methods have become apparent.	Methods; Technology programs; Tools
Eloy J.A.; Svider P.; Chandrasekhar S.S.; Husain Q.; Mauro K.M.; Setzen M.; Baredes S.	Gender disparities in scholarly productivity within academic otolaryngology departments	2013	Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery (United States)	10.1177/0194599812466055	Objective. To examine whether there are gender disparities in scholarly productivity within academic otolaryngology departments, as measured by academic rank and the h-index, a published, objective measure of research contributions that quantifies the number and significance of papers published by a given author. Study Design and Setting. Analysis of bibliometric data of academic otolaryngologists. Methods. Faculty listings from academic otolaryngology departments were used to determine academic rank and gender. The Scopus database was used to determine h-index and publication range (in years) of these faculty members. In addition, 20 randomly chosen institutions were used to compare academic otolaryngologists to faculty members in other surgical specialties. Results. Mean h-indices increased through the rank of professor. Among academic otolaryngologists, men had significantly higher h-indices than women, a finding also noted on examination of faculty members from other specialties. Men had higher research productivity rates at earlier points in their career than women did. The productivity rates of women increased and equaled or surpassed those of men later in their careers. Men had higher absolute h-index values at junior academic ranks. Women academic otolaryngologists of senior rank had higher absolute h-indices than their male counterparts. Conclusions. The h-index measures research significance in an objective manner and indicates that although men have higher overall research productivity in academic otolaryngology, women demonstrate a different productivity curve. Women produce less research output earlier in their careers than men do, but at senior levels, they equal or exceed the research productivity of men. © American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation 2013.	Academic physician scientific productivity; Academic productivity; Academic promotion; Academic rank determination; Academic rank in surgical specialties; Faculty productivity; Gender; Gender disparity; H-index; Surgical faculty productivity
Miyazaki K.; Islam N.	Nanotechnology systems of innovation-An analysis of industry and academia research activities	2007	Technovation	10.1016/j.technovation.2007.05.009	Nanotechnology promises significant improvements of advanced materials and manufacturing techniques, which are critical for the future competitiveness of national industries. This paper is concerned with the sectoral innovation system in nanotechnology in a global perspective with an aim to understand worldwide developments in nanotechnology research from its emerging stage. The research highlights cross-country comparisons, actors and institutions in the innovation system based on quantitative method (bibliometrics and tech mining). The authors present also the varying involvement of academia, public research institutions and commercial companies in relevant research by finding main research contributors, discourse development, as well as clusters or knowledge networks of affiliations and countries. The research findings show that the significant output of commercial companies in Japan and the United States is different from the situation in the European Union, where the relevant scientific activities are dominated by academic and government research institutions. The research reveals the learning patterns of nanotech innovation structure for the science pole. The findings can be particularly useful for forming technology strategies, science and technology policies by revealing strengths and weaknesses of the emerging innovation system in nanotech, existing country-level competencies and differences. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics and tech mining; Innovation system; Nanotechnology; Nanotechnology research; Science and technology policy
Lin J.; John W.J.	PubMed related articles: A probabilistic topic-based model for content similarity	2007	BMC Bioinformatics	10.1186/1471-2105-8-423	"Background: We present a probabilistic topic-based model for content similarity called pmra that underlies the related article search feature in PubMed. Whether or not a document is about a particular topic is computed from term frequencies, modeled as Poisson distributions. Unlike previous probabilistic retrieval models, we do not attempt to estimate relevance-but rather our focus is ""relatedness"", the probability that a user would want to examine a particular document given known interest in another. We also describe a novel technique for estimating parameters that does not require human relevance judgments; instead, the process is based on the existence of MeSH ® in MEDLINE ®. Results: The pmra retrieval model was compared against bm25, a competitive probabilistic model that shares theoretical similarities. Experiments using the test collection from the TREC 2005 genomics track shows a small but statistically significant improvement of pmra over bm25 in terms of precision. Conclusion: Our experiments suggest that the pmra model provides an effective ranking algorithm for related article search. © 2007 Lin and Wilbur; licensee BioMed Central Ltd."	N/A
Ponce F.A.; Lozano A.M.	Highly cited works in neurosurgery. Part I: The 100 top-cited papers in neurosurgical journals: A review	2010	Journal of Neurosurgery	10.3171/2009.12.JNS091599	Object. The number of citations a published article receives is a measure of its impact in the scientific community. This study identifies and characterizes the current 100 top-cited articles in journals specifically dedicated to neurosurgery. Methods. Neurosurgical journals were identified using the Institute for Scientific Information Journal Citation Reports. A search was performed using Institute for Scientific Information Web of Science for articles appearing in each of these journals. The 100 top-cited articles were selected and analyzed. Results. The 100 most cited manuscripts in neurosurgical journals appeared in 3 of 13 journals dedicated to neurosurgery. These included 79 in the Journal of Neurosurgery, 11 in the Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry, and 10 in Neurosurgery. The individual citation counts for these articles ranged from 287 to 1515. Seventy-seven percent of articles were published between 1976 and 1995. Representation varied widely across neurosurgical disciplines, with cerebrovascular diseases leading (43 articles), followed by trauma (27 articles), stereotactic and functional neurosurgery (13 articles), and neurooncology (12 articles). The study types included 5 randomized trials, 5 cooperative studies, 1 observational cohort study, 69 case series, 8 review articles, and 12 animal studies. Thirty articles dealt with surgical management and 12 with nonsurgical management. There were 15 studies of natural history of disease or outcomes after trauma, 11 classification or grading scales, and 10 studies of human pathophysiology. Conclusions. The most cited articles in neurosurgical journals are trials evaluating surgical or medical therapies, descriptions of novel techniques, or systems for classifying or grading disease. The time of publication, field of study, nature of the work, and the journal in which the work appears are possible determinants of the likelihood of citation and impact.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Landmark articles; Neurosurgery
Moed H.F.; van Leeuwen T.N.	Impact factors can mislead	1996	Nature	10.1038/381186a0	[No abstract available]	N/A
Klein J.; Dawson L.A.	Hepatocellular carcinoma radiation therapy: Review of evidence and future opportunities	2013	International Journal of Radiation Oncology Biology Physics	10.1016/j.ijrobp.2012.08.043	Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a leading cause of global cancer death. Curative therapy is not an option for most patients, often because of underlying liver disease. Experience in radiation therapy (RT) for HCC is rapidly increasing. Conformal RT can deliver tumoricidal doses to focal HCC with low rates of toxicity and sustained local control in HCC unsuitable for other locoregional treatments. Stereotactic body RT and particle therapy have been used with long-term control in early HCC or as a bridge to liver transplant. RT has also been effective in treating HCC with portal venous thrombosis. Patients with impaired liver function and extensive disease are at increased risk of toxicity and recurrence. More research on how to combine RT with other standard and novel therapies is warranted. Randomized trials are also needed before RT will be generally accepted as a treatment option for HCC. This review discusses the current state of the literature and opportunities for future research. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Wang Q.; Huang R.	The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on sustainable development goals – A survey	2021	Environmental Research	10.1016/j.envres.2021.111637	COVID-19 pandemic is the biggest challenge facing humanity after the 1918 Flu pandemic. The pandemic also poses a massive challenge to the achievement of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Meeting this challenge requires a comprehensive investigation of the impact of the pandemic on sustainability. In this work, publications related to the impact of COVID-19 on sustainability in the Web of Science database were explored systematically by using bibliometrics techniques and meta-analysis approach. The results show the research scope is extensive, covering many subjects, whereas the research depth is not enough. Research in developed countries is dominant, although the pandemic poses more significant challenges to the sustainable development of developing countries than of developed countries. Developed countries are committed to studying education sustainability, while developing countries have shown greater attention to economic sustainability during the epidemic. The cluster analysis also shows that the COVID-19 pandemic has brought negative effects on 17 SDGs goals, whereas the pandemic may also bring opportunities to another 14 SDGs goals. At the end of the article, we put forward relevant suggestions for achieving sustainable development goals in the post-epidemic era. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; COVID-19; SDGs; Sustainability; Visualization
Brandt J.S.; Hadaya O.; Schuster M.; Rosen T.; Sauer M.V.; Ananth C.V.	A Bibliometric Analysis of Top-Cited Journal Articles in Obstetrics and Gynecology	2019	JAMA Network Open	10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2019.18007	IMPORTANCE Citation analysis is a bibliometric method that uses citation rates to evaluate research performance. This type of analysis can identify the articles that have shaped the modern history of obstetrics and gynecology (OBGYN). OBJECTIVES To identify and characterize top-cited OBGYN articles in the Institute for Scientific Information Web of Science’s Science Citation Index Expanded and to compare top-cited OBGYN articles published in specialty OBGYN journals with those published in nonspecialty journals. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Cross-sectional bibliometric analysis of top-cited articles that were indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded from 1980 to 2018. The Science Citation Index Expanded was queried using search terms from the American Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology’s 2018 certifying examination topics list. The top 100 articles from all journals and the top 100 articles from OBGYN journals were evaluated for specific characteristics. Data were analyzed in March 2019. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The articles were characterized by citation number, publication year, topic, study design, and authorship. After excluding articles that featured on both lists, top-cited articles were compared. RESULTS The query identified 3 767 874 articles, of which 278 846 (7.4%) were published in OBGYN journals. The top-cited article was published by Rossouw and colleagues in JAMA (2002). Top-cited articles published in nonspecialty journals were more frequently cited than those in OBGYN journals (median [interquartile range], 1738 [1490-2077] citations vs 666 [580-843] citations, respectively; P < .001) and were more likely to be randomized trials (25.0% vs 2.2%, respectively; difference, 22.8%; 95% CI, 13.5%-32.2%; P < .001). Whereas articles from nonspecialty journals focused on broad topics like osteoporosis, articles from OBGYN journal focused on topics like preeclampsia and endometriosis. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE This study found substantial differences between top-cited OBGYN articles published in nonspecialty vs OBGYN journals. These differences may reflect the different goals of the journals, which work together to ensure optimal dissemination of impactful articles. © 2019 Brandt JS et al.	N/A
Simons K.	The misused impact factor	2008	Science	10.1126/science.1165316	[No abstract available]	N/A
Zucker L.G.; Darby M.R.; Furner J.; Liu R.C.; Ma H.	Minerva unbound: Knowledge stocks, knowledge flows and new knowledge production	2007	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2007.02.007	Regional growth of new knowledge in nanotechnology, as measured by counts of articles and patents in the open-access digital library NanoBank, is shown to be positively affected both by the size of existing regional stocks of recorded knowledge in all scientific fields, and the extent to which tacit knowledge in all fields flows between institutions of different organizational types. The level of federal funding has a large, robust impact on both publication and patenting. The data provide support for the cumulative advantage model of knowledge production, and for ongoing efforts to institutionalize channels through which cross-organizational collaboration may be achieved. © 2007.	Bibliometrics; Boundary Spanning; Collaboration; Nanotechnology; Organization type
Wren J.D.; Kozak K.Z.; Johnson K.R.; Deakyne S.J.; Schilling L.M.; Dellavalle R.P.	The write position. A survey of perceived contributions to papers based on byline position and number of authors	2007	EMBO Reports	10.1038/sj.embor.7401095	[No abstract available]	N/A
Ejsmont K.; Gladysz B.; Kluczek A.	Impact of industry 4.0 on sustainability-bibliometric literature review	2020	Sustainability (Switzerland)	10.3390/su12145650	"Nowadays, sustainability and Industry 4.0 (I4.0) are trending concepts used in the literature on industrial processes. Industry 4.0 has been mainly addressed by the current literature from a technological perspective, overlooking sustainability challenges regarding this recent paradigm. The objective of this paper is to evaluate the state of the art of relations between sustainability and I4.0. The goal will be met by (1) mapping and summarizing existing research efforts, (2) identifying research agendas, (3) examining gaps and opportunities for further research. Web of Science, Scopus, and a set of specific keywords were used to select peer-reviewed papers presenting evidence on the relationship between sustainability and I4.0. To achieve this goal, it was decided to use a dynamic methodology called ""systematic literature network analysis"". This methodology combines a systematic literature review approach with the analysis of bibliographic networks. Selected papers were used to build a reference framework formed by I4.0 technologies and sustainability issues. The paper contributes to the Sustainable Industry 4.0 reference framework with application procedures. It aims to show how I4.0 can support ideas of sustainability. The results showed that apart from a huge contribution to both concepts, many papers do not provide an insight into realization of initiatives to introduce Sustainable Industry 4.0. © 2020 by the authors."	Bibliometrics; Fourth industrial revolution; Industry 4.0; Literature review; Sustainability
Van Noorden R.	Metrics: A profusion of measures	2010	Nature	10.1038/465864a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Xie L.; Chen Z.; Wang H.; Zheng C.; Jiang J.	Bibliometric and Visualized Analysis of Scientific Publications on Atlantoaxial Spine Surgery Based on Web of Science and VOSviewer	2020	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2020.01.171	Background: Atlantoaxial spine surgery is a challenge to spinal surgeons because of its proximity to neurovascular structures. This study aimed to identify and analyze the scientific publications in atlantoaxial spine surgery from different countries and institutions. Methods: Clarivate Analytics Web of Science was used to search all articles for information on atlantoaxial spine surgery. The annual research, countries, journals, authors, institutions, citation frequency, and journal metrics were extracted. These results from countries and hotspots (keywords in publications) were subjected to co-occurrence analysis using VOSviewer, after which the top 100 most-cited articles were analyzed further. Results: A total of 3161 articles were included. A trend toward an increasing number of publications on atlantoaxial spine surgery in recent years was evident. Among all countries, the United States contributed the most publications. Seth Gordhandas Sundarda Medical College had the highest number of publications among institutions. Among all research categories, fixation and fusion were the most common areas discussed. The screw-rod system described in the most-cited article (cited 823 times) appeared to be the most popular fixation method. With the development of C1 and C2 screw technology, the screw-rod system is becoming increasingly popular. Conclusions: The atlantoaxial spine surgery literature has grown continuously in recent years. The United States is the largest contributor in this field. Fixation and fusion are the most common areas, and fixation-related studies should be closely followed. The screw-rod fixation system is becoming increasingly popular. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.	Atlantoaxial; Bibliometric analysis; VOSviewer
Li C.; Peng C.; Chiang P.-C.; Cai Y.; Wang X.; Yang Z.	Mechanisms and applications of green infrastructure practices for stormwater control: A review	2019	Journal of Hydrology	10.1016/j.jhydrol.2018.10.074	Green Infrastructure (GI) is considered to be an innovative stormwater management approach that offers numerous other environmental benefits including reduction in air pollution and climate change mitigation compared with conventional gray infrastructures, and it has been gradually accepted and used worldwide. This review mainly focuses on the hydrological aspect of GI and provides a summary of the knowledge about GI as a stormwater management alternative. In this review, we discuss the operating mechanisms of a few widely-used GIs in the aspect of stormwater management. We critically examine policies for promoting GI implementation in some countries, including the sponge city in China and water sensitive urban design (WSUD) in Australia, and review the effectiveness of GI on treating stormwater quantity in real world applications. In addition, we also used Bibliometrics to analyze the GI research trends and found GI has been popular in an increasing number of countries and regions, which China has the greatest future growth potential in GIs research. Moreover, many barriers impeding the further development of GI and strategies to overcome these barriers are also summarized. This review gathers knowledge from many sources to provide an overview of GI to better understand its mechanisms and applications, and to highlight the areas that require future study. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Application and implementation; Barrier and strategy; Green infrastructure (GI); Innovate stormwater approach; Operating mechanism
Skolbekken J.-A.	The risk epidemic in medical journals	1995	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/0277-9536(94)00262-R	Searches in MEDLINE databases show a rapid increase in the number of articles with the term 'risk(s)' in the title and/or abstract in the period from 1967 to 1991. This trend is found in medical journals giving a general coverage of medicine and journals covering obstetrics and gynaecology in U.S.A., Britain and Scandinavia. The most rapid increase is, however, found in epidemiological journals. Comparisons of the developments in the occurrence of such terms as risk, hazard, danger and uncertainty show that the increasing frequency of the term risk in the medical literature can not be explained as a change in terminology alone. It is hypothesized that the ongoing trend, which resembles an epidemic, is a result of developments in science and technology, that has changed our beliefs about the locus of control from factors outside human control to factors inside our control. The origins of the epidemic may be traced to the development of such disciplines as probability statistics, increased focus on risk management and health promotion, with recent developments in computer technology as the factor responsible for the escalation seen in the past decade. With the cultural selection of risks in mind, the social construction of risk is discussed. Potentially harmful effects of such an epidemic are discussed, exemplified through controversies over current epidemiological risk construction and strategies for coronary risk reduction. It is finally argued that the risk epidemic reflects the social constructions of a particular culture at a particular time in history. © 1995.	epidemiology; epistemology; health promotion; risk; risk management
Liao H.; Mi X.; Xu Z.	A survey of decision-making methods with probabilistic linguistic information: bibliometrics, preliminaries, methodologies, applications and future directions	2020	Fuzzy Optimization and Decision Making	10.1007/s10700-019-09309-5	Probabilistic linguistic term set (PLTS) has been proposed to tackle qualitative information efficiently in the decision-making process to achieve computing with expressions, which can be regarded as an advanced process of computing with words. The PLTS plays an important role in decision making by providing a comprehensive way for representing complex linguistic information. Owning to its usefulness and efficiency, the PLTS has attracted a lot of researchers’ attention, and fruitful research achievements regarding it has been published since it was introduced in 2016. As the probabilistic linguistic theory is still in its infancy, a survey of it contributes to understanding the previous topics and the current issues, and predicting the future research directions in this area. To implement these goals, this paper is organized by bibliometric analysis, definitions, multiple criteria decision-making methods, preference relations, and applications. Twelve future research directions related to the probabilistic linguistic decision-making theory are indicated. This paper provides some insights for researchers and practitioners who have interest in complex linguistic decision making. © 2019, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.	Bibliometric analysis; Decision-making methods; Preference relations; Probabilistic linguistic term sets; Survey
Bollen J.; van de Sompel H.; Hagberg A.; Bettencourt L.; Chute R.; Rodriguez M.A.; Balakireva L.	Clickstream data yields high-resolution Maps of science	2009	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0004803	Background: Intricate maps of science have been created from citation data to visualize the structure of scientific activity. However, most scientific publications are now accessed online. Scholarly web portals record detailed log data at a scale that exceeds the number of all existing citations combined. Such log data is recorded immediately upon publication and keeps track of the sequences of user requests (clickstreams) that are issued by a variety of users across many different domains. Given these advantages of log datasets over citation data, we investigate whether they can produce high-resolution, more current maps of science. Methodology: Over the course of 2007 and 2008, we collected nearly 1 billion user interactions recorded by the scholarly web portals of some of the most significant publishers, aggregators and institutional consortia. The resulting reference data set covers a significant part of world-wide use of scholarly web portals in 2006, and provides a balanced coverage of the humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences. A journal clickstream model, i.e. a first-order Markov chain, was extracted from the sequences of user interactions in the logs. The clickstream model was validated by comparing it to the Getty Research Institute's Architecture and Art Thesaurus. The resulting model was visualized as a journal network that outlines the relationships between various scientific domains and clarifies the connection of the social sciences and humanities to the natural sciences. Conclusions: Maps of science resulting from large-scale clickstream data provide a detailed, contemporary view of scientific activity and correct the underrepresentation of the social sciences and humanities that is commonly found in citation data.	N/A
Kan Yeung A.W.; Tosevska A.; Klager E.; Eibensteiner F.; Laxar D.; Stoyanov J.; Glisic M.; Zeiner S.; Kulnik S.T.; Crutzen R.; Kimberger O.; Kletecka-Pulker M.; Atanasov A.G.; Willschke H.	Virtual and augmented reality applications in medicine: Analysis of the scientific literature	2021	Journal of Medical Internet Research	10.2196/25499	Background: Virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) have recently become popular research themes. However, there are no published bibliometric reports that have analyzed the corresponding scientific literature in relation to the application of these technologies in medicine. Objective: We used a bibliometric approach to identify and analyze the scientific literature on VR and AR research in medicine, revealing the popular research topics, key authors, scientific institutions, countries, and journals. We further aimed to capture and describe the themes and medical conditions most commonly investigated by VR and AR research. Methods: The Web of Science electronic database was searched to identify relevant papers on VR research in medicine. Basic publication and citation data were acquired using the “Analyze” and “Create Citation Report” functions of the database. Complete bibliographic data were exported to VOSviewer and Bibliometrix, dedicated bibliometric software packages, for further analyses. Visualization maps were generated to illustrate the recurring keywords and words mentioned in the titles and abstracts. Results: The analysis was based on data from 8399 papers. Major research themes were diagnostic and surgical procedures, as well as rehabilitation. Commonly studied medical conditions were pain, stroke, anxiety, depression, fear, cancer, and neurodegenerative disorders. Overall, contributions to the literature were globally distributed with heaviest contributions from the United States and United Kingdom. Studies from more clinically related research areas such as surgery, psychology, neurosciences, and rehabilitation had higher average numbers of citations than studies from computer sciences and engineering. Conclusions: The conducted bibliometric analysis unequivocally reveals the versatile emerging applications of VR and AR in medicine. With the further maturation of the technology and improved accessibility in countries where VR and AR research is strong, we expect it to have a marked impact on clinical practice and in the life of patients. © Andy Wai Kan Yeung, Anela Tosevska, Elisabeth Klager, Fabian Eibensteiner, Daniel Laxar, Jivko Stoyanov, Marija Glisic, Sebastian Zeiner, Stefan Tino Kulnik, Rik Crutzen, Oliver Kimberger, Maria Kletecka-Pulker, Atanas G Atanasov, Harald Willschke.	Augmented reality; Bibliometric; Medicine; Mixed reality; Neurodegenerative disorder; Pain; Rehabilitation; Stroke; Surgical procedures; Virtual reality
Callaway E.	Beat it, impact factor! Publishing elite turns against controversial metric	2016	Nature	10.1038/nature.2016.20224	[No abstract available]	N/A
Bartlett V.L.; Dhruva S.S.; Shah N.D.; Ryan P.; Ross J.S.	Feasibility of Using Real-World Data to Replicate Clinical Trial Evidence	2019	JAMA Network Open	10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2019.12869	Importance: Although randomized clinical trials are considered to be the criterion standard for generating clinical evidence, the use of real-world evidence to evaluate the efficacy and safety of medical interventions is gaining interest. Whether observational data can be used to address the same clinical questions being answered by traditional clinical trials is still unclear. Objective: To identify the number of clinical trials published in high-impact journals in 2017 that could be feasibly replicated using observational data from insurance claims and/or electronic health records (EHRs). Design, Setting, and Participants: In this cross-sectional analysis, PubMed was searched to identify all US-based clinical trials, regardless of randomization, published between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2017, in the top 7 highest-impact general medical journals of 2017. Trials were excluded if they did not involve human participants, did not use end points that represented clinical outcomes among patients, were not characterized as clinical trials, and had no recruitment sites in the United States. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcomes were the number and percentage of trials for which the intervention, indication, trial inclusion and exclusion criteria, and primary end points could be ascertained from insurance claims and/or EHR data. Results: Of the 220 US-based trials analyzed, 33 (15.0%) could be replicated using observational data because their intervention, indication, inclusion and exclusion criteria, and primary end points could be routinely ascertained from insurance claims and/or EHR data. Of the 220 trials, 86 (39.1%) had an intervention that could be ascertained from insurance claims and/or EHR data. Among the 86 trials, 62 (72.1%) had an indication that could be ascertained. Forty-five (72.6%) of 62 trials had at least 80% of inclusion and exclusion criteria data that could be ascertained. Of these 45 studies, 33 (73.3%) had at least 1 primary end point that could be ascertained. Conclusions and Relevance: This study found that only 15% of the US-based clinical trials published in high-impact journals in 2017 could be feasibly replicated through analysis of administrative claims or EHR data. This finding suggests the potential for real-world evidence to complement clinical trials, both by examining the concordance between randomized experiments and observational studies and by comparing the generalizability of the trial population with the real-world population of interest.. © 2019 Bartlett VL et al.	N/A
Belkin N.J.	The cognitive viewpoint in information science	1990	Journal of Information Science	10.1177/016555159001600104	The meaning of the cognitive view of information science is briefly summarized, and representative works which propose or use this viewpoint are reviewed. It is shown, by example, that considering problems of information science from this point of view has led to significant advances in a variety of areas of information science, including bibliometrics, user studies, the reference interview and information retrieval. This variety of applications suggests that the cognitive viewpoint may be a powerful framework for the general theoretical and practical development of information science. © 1990, Sage Publications. All rights reserved.	N/A
Haleem A.; Javaid M.; Khan R.H.; Suman R.	3D printing applications in bone tissue engineering	2020	Journal of Clinical Orthopaedics and Trauma	10.1016/j.jcot.2019.12.002	Purpose: 3D printing technology provides an excellent capability to manufacture customised implants for patients. Now, its applications are also successful in bone tissue engineering. This paper tries to provide a review of the applications of 3D printing in bone tissue engineering. Methods: Searching by keywords, from the Scopus database, to identify relevant latest research articles on 3D printing in bone tissue engineering, through “3D printing” “bone tissue engineering”. This study makes a bibliometric analysis of the identified research articles and identified major applications and steps. Results: 3D printing technology creates innovative development in bone tissue engineering. It involves the manufacturing of a scaffold with the combination of cells and materials. We identified a total number of 257 research articles through bibliometric analysis by searching through keywords “3D printing” “bone tissue engineering”. This paper studies 3D printing technology and its significant contributions, benefits and steps used for bone tissue engineering. Result discusses the essential elements of bone tissue engineering and identifies its five significant advancements when 3D printing is used. Finally, ten useful applications of 3D printing in bone tissue engineering are identified and studied with a brief description. Conclusion: In orthopaedics, bone defects create a high impact on the quality of life of the patient. It leads to a higher demand for bone substitutes for replacement of bone defect. Bone tissue engineering can help to replace a critical defect bone. 3D printing is a useful technology for the fabrication of scaffolds critical in bone tissue engineering. There are different binders which can create bone scaffolds with requisite mechanical strength. These binders are used to create excellent osteoconductive, bioactive scaffolds. Computed tomography (CT) and Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) help to provide images of specific defects of an individual patient, and these images can further be used for 3D printing the detective object. A bone defect caused by specific disease is sorted out by transplantation in clinical practice. Now a day bone tissue engineering opens a new option for this treatment of bone defects with the manufacturing of porous bone scaffold using 3D printing technology. © 2019 Delhi Orthopedic Association	3D printing; Additive manufacturing (AM); Advancement; Application; Bone tissue engineering; Orthopaedics; Scaffold
Narin F.; Olivastro D.; Stevens K.A.	Bibliometrics/Theory, Practice and Problems	1994	Evaluation Review	10.1177/0193841X9401800107	This article presents the theory behind modern evaluative bibliometric techniques at three levels. Policy applications, which characterizes the scientific and technological output of nations or regions; strategic analyses, which deals with articles and patents at the level of a university or company; and tactical analyses, which addresses questions concerning a single subject. The article explains the newer techniques that have been developed at each level, as well as the more important limitations. © 1994, Sage Publications. All rights reserved.	N/A
Jeong Y.K.; Song M.; Ding Y.	Content-based author co-citation analysis	2014	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2013.12.001	Author co-citation analysis (ACA) has long been used as an effective method for identifying the intellectual structure of a research domain, but it relies on simple co-citation counting, which does not take the citation content into consideration. The present study proposes a new method for measuring the similarity between co-cited authors by considering author's citation content. We collected the full-text journal articles in the information science domain and extracted the citing sentences to calculate their similarity distances. We compared our method with traditional ACA and found out that our approach, while displaying a similar intellectual structure for the information science domain as the other baseline methods, also provides more details about the sub-disciplines in the domain than with traditional ACA. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Author co-citation analysis; Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Citation content analysis; Information science
Vera-Baceta M.-A.; Thelwall M.; Kousha K.	Web of Science and Scopus language coverage	2019	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-019-03264-z	The evaluation of research outputs in the form of journal articles is important to help with monitoring performance and to allocate funds. Elsevier’s Scopus and Clarivate’s Web of Science (WoS) are the two main sources for identifying outputs. For non-English-speaking countries, it is especially important that most of the scientific activity evaluated is represented in the bibliometric database used. All documents published in Scopus and WoS during 2018 (6,094,079 documents) were therefore analysed and compared for their languages and research areas. The most comprehensive source for each language and research area were identified and some coverage problems have been found. © 2019, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliographic database; Bibliometrics; Research evaluation; Scopus; Web of Science
Wildgaard L.; Schneider J.W.; Larsen B.	A review of the characteristics of 108 author-level bibliometric indicators	2014	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-014-1423-3	An increasing demand for bibliometric assessment of individuals has led to a growth of new bibliometric indicators as well as new variants or combinations of established ones. The aim of this review is to contribute with objective facts about the usefulness of bibliometric indicators of the effects of publication activity at the individual level. This paper reviews 108 indicators that can potentially be used to measure performance on individual author-level, and examines the complexity of their calculations in relation to what they are supposed to reflect and ease of end-user application. As such we provide a schematic overview of author-level indicators, where the indicators are broadly categorised into indicators of publication count, indicators that qualify output (on the level of the researcher and journal), indicators of the effect of output (effect as citations, citations normalized to field or the researcher’s body of work), indicators that rank the individual’s work and indicators of impact over time. Supported by an extensive appendix we present how the indicators are computed, the complexity of the mathematical calculation and demands to data-collection, their advantages and limitations as well as references to surrounding discussion in the bibliometric community. The Appendix supporting this study is available online as supplementary material. © 2014, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Author-level bibliometrics; Curriculum vitaes; Impact factors; Indicators; Research evaluation; Researcher performance; Self-assessment
Musigmann B.; Von Der Gracht H.; Hartmann E.	Blockchain Technology in Logistics and Supply Chain Management - A Bibliometric Literature Review from 2016 to January 2020	2020	IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management	10.1109/TEM.2020.2980733	As part of business and management studies, research works addressed blockchain technology (BCT) in logistics and supply chain management (LSCM) first in 2016. Increasing levels of interest from researchers and practitioners alike have led to an increasing number of studies from both ends; however, a thorough bibliometric- and cocitation network analysis of BCT in LSCM research has not been carried out so far. To address this gap and to build a basis for future research endeavors, this article provides a bibliometric analysis on BCT, comprising data from 613 articles from academic supply chain research. It is therefore an easy-to-access entry point for academics and practitioners into the topic of BCT in LSCM. This study aims to understand the status of research of BCT in LSCM. To present the results, this article employs a bibliometric analysis methodology. It adopts a citation network analysis and a cocitation analysis. Based on a cocitation analysis, this article classifies the existing literature into five different research clusters, including theoretical sensemaking, conceptualizing and testing blockchain applications, framing BCT into supply chains, the technical design of BCT applications for real-world LSCM applications, and the role of BCT within digital supply chains.  © 1988-2012 IEEE.	Bibliometrics; blockchain; citation network analysis; cocitation network analysis; logistics; supply chain management
Altman D.G.	Endorsement of the CONSORT statement by high impact medical journals: Survey of instructions for authors	2005	British Medical Journal	10.1136/bmj.330.7499.1056	[No abstract available]	N/A
Ubando A.T.; Africa A.D.M.; Maniquiz-Redillas M.C.; Culaba A.B.; Chen W.-H.; Chang J.-S.	Microalgal biosorption of heavy metals: A comprehensive bibliometric review	2021	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2020.123431	Heavy metals in the effluents released from industrial establishments pose risks to the environment and society. Prevalent organisms such as microalgae in industrial wastes can thrive in this harmful environment. The connection of the metal-binding proteins of the microalgal cell wall to the metal ions of the heavy metals enables microalgae as an ideal medium for biosorption. The current literature lacks the review of various microalgae used as biosorption of heavy metals from industrial effluents. This work aims to comprehensively review the literature on the use of microalgae as a biosorption for heavy metals. The study summarizes the application of different microalgae for heavy metals removal by identifying the various factors affecting the biosorption performance. Approaches to quantifying the heavy metals concentration are outlined. The methods of microalgae to generate biocompounds to enable biosorption of heavy metals are itemized. The study also aims to identify the materials produced by microalgae to facilitate biosorption. The industrial sectors with the potential benefit from the adoption of microalgal biosorption of heavy metals are recognized. Moreover, the current challenges and future perspectives of microalgal biosorption are discussed. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.	Adsorption; Biosorption; effluents; Heavy metals; Industrial; Microalgae
Saint S.; Christakis D.A.; Saha S.; Elmore J.G.; Welsh D.E.; Baker P.; Koepsell T.D.	Journal reading habits of internists	2000	Journal of General Internal Medicine	10.1046/j.1525-1497.2000.00202.x	We assessed the reading habits of internists with and without epidemiologicai training because such information may help guide medical journals as they make changes in how articles are edited and formatted. In a 1998 national self-administered mailed survey of 143 internists with fellowship training in epidemiology and study design and a random sample of 121 internists from the American Medical Association physician master file, we asked about the number of hours spent reading medical journals per week and the percentage of articles for which only the abstract is read. Respondents also were asked which of nine medical journals they subscribe to and read regularly. Of the 399 eligible participants, 264 returned surveys (response rate 66%). Respondents reported spending 4.4 hours per week reading medical journal articles and reported reading only the abstract for 63% of the articles; these findings were similar for internists with and without epidemiology training. Respondents admitted to a reliance on journal editors to provide rigorous and useful information, given the limited time available for critical reading. We conclude that internists, regardless of training in epidemiology, rely heavily on abstracts and prescreening of articles by editors.	N/A
Andersen M.R.; Nielsen M.L.; Nielsen J.	Metabolic model integration of the bibliome, genome, metabolome and reactome of Aspergillus niger	2008	Molecular Systems Biology	10.1038/msb.2008.12	The release of the genome sequences of two strains of Aspergillus niger has allowed systems-level investigations of this important microbial cell factory. To this end, tools for doing data integration of multi-ome data are necessary, and especially interesting in the context of metabolism. On the basis of an A. niger bibliome survey, we present the largest model reconstruction of a metabolic network reported for a fungal species. The reconstructed gapless metabolic network is based on the reportings of 371 articles and comprises 1190 biochemically unique reactions and 871 ORFs. Inclusion of isoenzymes increases the total number of reactions to 2240. A graphical map of the metabolic network is presented. All levels of the reconstruction process were based on manual curation. From the reconstructed metabolic network, a mathematical model was constructed and validated with data on yields, fluxes and transcription. The presented metabolic network and map are useful tools for examining systemwide data in a metabolic context. Results from the validated model show a great potential for expanding the use of A. niger as a high-yield production platform. © 2008 EMBO and Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.	Aspergillus niger; Bibliome; Genome; Metabolic network; Metabolome
Nakagawa S.; Samarasinghe G.; Haddaway N.R.; Westgate M.J.; O'Dea R.E.; Noble D.W.A.; Lagisz M.	Research Weaving: Visualizing the Future of Research Synthesis	2019	Trends in Ecology and Evolution	10.1016/j.tree.2018.11.007	We propose a new framework for research synthesis of both evidence and influence, named research weaving. It summarizes and visualizes information content, history, and networks among a collection of documents on any given topic. Research weaving achieves this feat by combining the power of two methods: systematic mapping and bibliometrics. Systematic mapping provides a snapshot of the current state of knowledge, identifying areas needing more research attention and those ready for full synthesis. Bibliometrics enables researchers to see how pieces of evidence are connected, revealing the structure and development of a field. We explain how researchers can use some or all of these tools to gain a deeper, more nuanced understanding of the scientific literature. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd	big data; data visualization; evidence synthesis; meta-analysis; meta-research; systematic review
Shen C.-W.; Ho J.-T.	Technology-enhanced learning in higher education: A bibliometric analysis with latent semantic approach	2020	Computers in Human Behavior	10.1016/j.chb.2019.106177	Technology-enhanced learning (TEL) describes information and communication technology applications as enhancing the outcomes of teaching and learning. Its adoption in higher education is an innovation as well as a disruption to conventional learning mechanisms. To further understand its development from the perspective of academic communities, a hybrid bibliometric approach that combines both direct citation network analysis and text analytics was proposed to examine the related research articles retrieved from the Web of Science database. In addition to visual analytics on the TEL research, a direct citation network approach with cluster analysis was used to delineate the historiographic development of the TEL research domain in higher education. Among the top internally cited articles, five main streams of TEL development were identified, namely adoption, critique, social media, podcasting, and blended learning. Then, the accumulated state of knowledge was summarized by highlighting the essential subgroup topics in each stream with latent semantic analysis. The extraction of the key features of the research domain by the proposed hybrid approach, including the principal streams of development, associated subgroup topics, and a critical article list, contributes a comprehensive method to enable the rapid understanding of the overall research development of the TEL in higher education. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics analysis; Direct citation network; Latent semantic analysis; Technology-enhanced learning; Topic analysis
Yang Q.; Gao Y.; Ke J.; Show P.L.; Ge Y.; Liu Y.; Guo R.; Chen J.	Antibiotics: An overview on the environmental occurrence, toxicity, degradation, and removal methods	2021	Bioengineered	10.1080/21655979.2021.1974657	Antibiotics, as antimicrobial drugs, have been widely applied as human and veterinary medicines. Recently, many antibiotics have been detected in the environments due to their mass production, widespread use, but a lack of adequate treatment processes. The environmental occurrence of antibiotics has received worldwide attention due to their potential harm to the ecosystem and human health. Research status of antibiotics in the environment field is presented by bibliometrics. Herein, we provided a comprehensive overview on the following important issues: (1) occurrence of antibiotics in different environmental compartments, such as wastewater, surface water, and soil; (2) toxicity of antibiotics toward non-target organisms, including aquatic and terrestrial organisms; (3) current treatment technologies for the degradation and removal of antibiotics, including adsorption, hydrolysis, photodegradation and oxidation, and biodegradation. It was found that macrolides, fluoroquinolones, tetracyclines, and sulfonamides were most frequently detected in the environment. Compared to surface and groundwaters, wastewater contained a high concentration of antibiotic residues. Both antibiotics and their metabolites exhibited toxicity to non-target organisms, especially aquatic organisms (e.g., algae and fish). Fluoroquinolones, tetracyclines, and sulfonamides can be removed through abiotic process, such as adsorption, photodegradation, and oxidation. Fluoroquinolones and sulfonamides can directly undergo biodegradation. Further studies on the chronic effects of antibiotics at environmentally relevant concentrations on the ecosystem were urgently needed to fully understand the hazards of antibiotics and help the government to establish the permissible limits. Biodegradation is a promising technology; it has numerous advantages such as cost-effectiveness and environmental friendliness. © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	Antibiotics; biodegradation; environmental occurrence; removal method; toxicity assessment
Pendlebury D.A.	The use and misuse of journal metrics and other citation indicators	2009	Archivum Immunologiae et Therapiae Experimentalis	10.1007/s00005-009-0008-y	This article reviews the nature and use of the journal impact factor and other common bibliometric measures for assessing research in the sciences and social sciences based on data compiled by Thomson Reuters. Journal impact factors are frequently misused to assess the influence of individual papers and authors, but such uses were never intended. Thomson Reuters also employs other measures of journal influence, which are contrasted with the impact factor. Finally, the author comments on the proper use of citation data in general, often as a supplement to peer review. This review may help government policymakers, university administrators, and individual researchers become better acquainted with the potential benefits and limitations of bibliometrics in the evaluation of research. © L. Hirszfeld Institute of Immunology and Experimental Therapy, 2009.	Bibliometric indicators; Citation analysis; Impact factor; Peer review
Caviggioli F.	Technology fusion: Identification and analysis of the drivers of technology convergence using patent data	2016	Technovation	10.1016/j.technovation.2016.04.003	The concepts of technology convergence or technology fusion describe the phenomenon of technology overlap. Despite evidence of the higher value associated to interdisciplinary research and cross-industry innovation, few studies have investigated the characteristics of technology fusion based on patent data. This study identifies new cases of convergence relying on the International Patent Classification (IPC) of patents filed at the European Patent Office between 1991 and 2007: the first occurrence of a patent incorporating a combination of IPC subclasses signals a new instance of fusion. Duration models are employed to investigate the impact of field level characteristics derived from patent bibliometrics on the likelihood of identifying a new fusion. The results show that merges are more frequent if the focal technology fields are closely related (based on a higher number of cross citations), are characterized by wide technological scope, and are the result of an inter-firm collaboration. In contrast to previous findings, the results show that the more complex the technologies involved, the less the likelihood of their convergence or fusion. The correlation between fusion likelihood and the characteristics of the merging fields could help managers and policymakers to predict the emergence of new technology areas. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd	Patent data; Technology convergence; Technology forecast; Technology fusion
Watson R.; Thompson D.R.	Use of factor analysis in Journal of Advanced Nursing: Literature review	2006	Journal of Advanced Nursing	10.1111/j.1365-2648.2006.03915.x	Aim. This paper reports a review analysing the use of factor analysis in papers in Journal of Advanced Nursing. Background. Factor analysis is a multivariate statistical method for reducing large numbers of variables to fewer underlying dimensions. There are several methods of factor analysis with principal components analysis being the most commonly applied. Factor analysis has been used by researchers in nursing for many years but the standards for use and reporting are variable. Method. Papers using factor analysis in Journal of Advanced Nursing were retrieved from 1982 to the end of 2004. The search term 'factor analysis' was used in the CINAHL database and applied specifically to Journal of Advanced Nursing in December 2004. Retrieved papers were included in the review if they came from Journal of Advanced Nursing and used factor analysis as part of the method of the reported study. Results. One hundred and twenty-four papers were retrieved as a result of the initial search criteria of which 116 were from Journal of Advanced Nursing. Screening of papers for the use of factor analysis left 100 papers for review. Principal components analysis was the most commonly used method of factor analysis; Eigenvalues greater than one was the most commonly applied criterion for selecting the number of factors followed by orthogonal rotation to achieve simple structure. The majority of papers did not report the whole factor solution and there were papers that did not specify anything beyond the fact that they carried out factor analysis. Confirmatory factor analysis was rarely used and exploratory methods other than principal components analysis were also rarely used. Conclusions. Factor analysis is quite commonly used in nursing research reported in Journal of Advanced Nursing. While some papers are exemplary there is room for improvement in the reporting of all aspects of factor analysis. © 2006 The Authors.	Factor analysis; Literature review; Multivariate analysis; Nurses; Nursing; Principal components analysis
Corrall S.; Kennan M.A.; Afzal W.	Bibliometrics and research data management services: Emerging trends in library support for research	2013	Library Trends	10.1353/lib.2013.0005	Developments in network technologies, scholarly communication, and national policy are challenging academic libraries to find new ways to engage with research communities in the economic downturn. Librarians are responding with service innovations in areas such as bibliometrics and research data management. Previous surveys have investigated research data support within North America and other research services globally with small samples. An online multiple-choice questionnaire was used to survey bibliometric and data support activities of 140 libraries in Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, and the United Kingdom, including current and planned services, target audiences, service constraints, and staff training needs. A majority of respondents offered or planned bibliometrics training, citation reports, and impact calculations but with significant differences between countries. Current levels of engagement in data management were lower than for bibliometrics, but a majority anticipated future involvement, especially in technology assistance, data deposit, and policy development. Initiatives were aimed at multiple constituencies, with university administrators being important clients and partners for bibliometric services. Gaps in knowledge, skills, and confidence were significant constraints, with near-universal support for including bibliometrics and particularly data management in professional education and continuing development programs. The study also found that librarians need a multilayered understanding of the research environment. © 2013 The Board of Trustees, University of Illinois.	N/A
Abramo G.; D'Angelo C.A.; Solazzi M.	The relationship between scientists' research performance and the degree of internationalization of their research	2011	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-010-0284-7	Policy makers, at various levels of governance, generally encourage the development of research collaboration. However the underlying determinants of collaboration are not completely clear. In particular, the literature lacks studies that, taking the individual researcher as the unit of analysis, attempt to understand if and to what extent the researcher's scientific performance might impact on his/her degree of collaboration with foreign colleagues. The current work examines the international collaborations of Italian university researchers for the period 2001-2005, and puts them in relation to each individual's research performance. The results of the investigation, which assumes co-authorship as proxy of research collaboration, show that both research productivity and average quality of output have positive effects on the degree of international collaboration achieved by a scientist. © 2010 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Internationalization; Italy; Research collaboration; Research performance; University
Wang Y.; Beydoun M.A.; Li J.; Liu Y.; Moreno L.A.	Do children and their parents eat a similar diet? Resemblance in child and parental dietary intake: Systematic review and meta-analysis	2011	Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health	10.1136/jech.2009.095901	Objectives: Parents are believed to have a strong influence on children's eating behaviours. However, previous findings on child-parent resemblance in dietary intakes are mixed. We systematically reviewed and meta-analysed the association (correlations) based on published studies. Methods: We searched related studies published since 1980 and found 24 studies meeting inclusion criteria for review and 15 for meta-regression analysis. We compared the associations between parentechild pairs, nutrients, over time and by dietary assessment method. Results: Most studies were based on small samples. Overall, they suggest a moderate or weak association, but findings varied remarkably. Our meta-analysis showed that average Fisher's transformed correlations were 0.20 (95% CI 0.13 to 0.28) for fat (% energy); for energy, 0.21 (0.18 to 0.24). The correlations varied by parent-child pairs, dietary assessment and countries. Food frequency questionnaires or mixed approaches yielded lower correlation than 24-h recalls or food records. Child self-reported intakes showed weaker correlation and better methodology quality showed stronger correlation in fat intake (% energy), which also became weaker over time. Conclusions Overall, the resemblance is weak, and it varied considerably across studies, nutrients, foods and parent-child pairs.	N/A
Kipper L.M.; Furstenau L.B.; Hoppe D.; Frozza R.; Iepsen S.	Scopus scientific mapping production in industry 4.0 (2011–2018): a bibliometric analysis	2020	International Journal of Production Research	10.1080/00207543.2019.1671625	Research in industry 4.0 is growing, driven by the innovations in production systems on a continuous basis. In this study, we identified the evolution of themes inherent in the industry 4.0 using a bibliometric software, namely SciMAT (Science Mapping Analysis Software Tool). The analyses included 1882 documents, 4231 keywords, and the relevant information was extracted based on frequency of co-occurrence of keywords. The clusters were plotted in two-dimensional strategic diagrams and analysed using the bibliometric indicators such as the number of publications, number of associated documents, and h-index. The results revealed that 2017 had the largest number of publications. Expert authors in the field and the periodicals that published the most were identified. The science mapping presented 31 clusters in which the most representative motor themes were CPS (Cyber-Physical System), IoT (Internet of Things), and Big Data. In addition, it was possible to identify fields with high investment of efforts by the scientific community such as the union between lean production and industry 4.0, production-centered CPS (CPPS), IoT (Industrial Internet of Things - IIoT), among others. The overlapping map showed an increase in the number of keywords from 338 to 1231 over the period of data. The map of scientific developments supported by an exhaustive research, it was possible to show the state of the art, the main challenges and perspectives for future research in the field of industry 4.0 such as Technology, Collaboration/Integration, Management and Implementation. © 2019, © 2019 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	bibliometrics; Industry 4.0; scientific mapping; smart manufacturing; the fourth industrial revolution
Abramo G.; D'Angelo C.A.; Di Costa F.; Solazzi M.	University-industry collaboration in Italy: A bibliometric examination	2009	Technovation	10.1016/j.technovation.2008.11.003	This work investigates public-private research collaboration between Italian universities and domestic industry, applying a bibliometric type of approach. The study is based on an exhaustive listing of all co-authored publications in international journals that are jointly realized by Italian university scientists and researchers in the private sector; this listing permits the development of a national mapping system for public-private collaboration that is unique for its extensive and representative character. It is shown that, in absolute terms, most collaborations occur in medicine and chemistry, while it is industrial and information engineering that shows the highest percentage of co-authored articles out of all articles in the field. In addition, the investigation empirically examines and tests several hypotheses concerning the qualitative-quantitative impact of collaboration on the scientific production of individual university researchers. The analyses demonstrate that university researchers who collaborate with those in the private sector show research performance that is superior to that of colleagues who are not involved in such collaboration. But the impact factor of journals publishing academic articles co-authored by industry is generally lower than that concerning co-authorships with other entities. Finally, a further specific elaboration also reveals that publications with public-private co-authorship do not show a level of multidisciplinarity that is significantly different from that of other publications. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Italy; Multidisciplinarity; R&D cooperation; University-industry collaboration
Wang H.; He Q.; Liu X.; Zhuang Y.; Hong S.	Global urbanization research from 1991 to 2009: A systematic research review	2012	Landscape and Urban Planning	10.1016/j.landurbplan.2011.11.006	"We performed a bibliometric analysis of published urbanization research from 1991 to 2009, based on SCI and SSCI database. Our analysis reveals scientific outputs, subject categories and major journals, international collaboration and geographic distribution, and temporal trends in keywords usage in urbanization studies and discusses the relationships between urbanization papers and urbanization rate and offer a substitute demonstration of research advancements, which may be considered as a potential guide for future research. The growth of article outputs has exploded since 1991, along with an increasing collaboration index, references and citations. Environmental sciences, ecology, environmental studies, geography and urban studies were most frequently used subject categories and Landscape and Urban Planning was the most productive journal in urbanization studies. The United States was the largest contributor in global urbanization research, as the USA produced the most independent and collaborative papers. The geographic distribution of urbanization articles overlapped quite well with regions with high economic growth in North America, Europe, and Pacific-Asia. A keywords analysis found the USA and China were "" hotspots"" , confirmed land-use's significant position and revealed keen interest in ecological and environmental issues in urbanization studies. In general, urbanization research was strongly correlated with the urbanization rate although there were different patterns and underlying processes across different countries. This is the first study to quantify global research trends in urbanization. Our study reveals patterns in scientific outputs and academic collaborations and serves as an alternative way of revealing global research trends in urbanization. © 2011 Elsevier B.V."	Bibliometrics; Correlation analysis; Research trends; Urbanization; Urbanization rate
Tan H.; Li J.; He M.; Li J.; Zhi D.; Qin F.; Zhang C.	Global evolution of research on green energy and environmental technologies:A bibliometric study	2021	Journal of Environmental Management	10.1016/j.jenvman.2021.113382	To better grasp developments and trends in research on green energy and environmental technologies, the published literatures in the Web of Science Core Collection database from 1998 to 2020 were utilized to reveal critical information and guidance on what has been investigated, and what are the changes in research interests using a bibliometric method. Herein, yearly quantitative distribution of literatures, author contribution and collaboration, productive and influential institutions and countries/territories, co-citation analysis, keywords co-occurrence analysis, and research frontier identification are analyzed via information visualization technology. The results show that the publications on green energy and environmental technologies have grown exponentially, that China, the USA, and Italy are the most active countries, but the global cooperation is not close at present. The research frontier identification results reveal that the categories of energy, wastewater, and performance remain stable, while the trending up and emerging categories of catalyst and CO2 emission show clear shift over the last decade, indicating that catalytic production of clean energy and value-added chemicals, strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and other related studies to solve the global energy crisis and environmental problems are the research frontiers. This bibliometric study provides unique insights and offers research guidance on green energy and environmental technologies. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric study; Environmental technologies; Evolution process; Green energy; Visualization
Liu X.; Zhang J.; Guo C.	Full-text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	2013	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22883	"In this article, we use innovative full-text citation analysis along with supervised topic modeling and network-analysis algorithms to enhance classical bibliometric analysis and publication/author/venue ranking. By utilizing citation contexts extracted from a large number of full-text publications, each citation or publication is represented by a probability distribution over a set of predefined topics, where each topic is labeled by an author-contributed keyword. We then used publication/citation topic distribution to generate a citation graph with vertex prior and edge transitioning probability distributions. The publication importance score for each given topic is calculated by PageRank with edge and vertex prior distributions. To evaluate this work, we sampled 104 topics (labeled with keywords) in review papers. The cited publications of each review paper are assumed to be ""important publications"" for the target topic (keyword), and we use these cited publications to validate our topic-ranking result and to compare different publication-ranking lists. Evaluation results show that full-text citation and publication content prior topic distribution, along with the classical PageRank algorithm can significantly enhance bibliometric analysis and scientific publication ranking performance, comparing with term frequency-inverted document frequency (tf-idf), language model, BM25, PageRank, and PageRank + language model (p <.001), for academic information retrieval (IR) systems. © 2013 ASIS&T."	bibliometrics; text mining
Ponomariov B.L.; Boardman P.C.	Influencing scientists' collaboration and productivity patterns through new institutions: University research centers and scientific and technical human capital	2010	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2010.02.013	"This paper analyzes the effect of university research centers on the productivity and collaboration patterns of university faculty. University research centers are an important subject for policy analysis insofar that they have become the predominant policy response to scientific and technical demands that have not been met by extant institutions, including academic departments, private firms, and government laboratories. Specifically, these centers aim to organize researchers from across the disciplines and sectors which, collectively as a research unit, possess the scientific and technical capacity relevant to scientific and technical goals of the sponsoring agencies. In this paper, we measure the productivity and collaboration patterns of university researchers affiliated with a relatively large-scale and ""mature"" university research center to discern the effects, if any, of the center mechanism on individual scientists and engineers. Based on an analysis of longitudinal bibliometric data, the results from this case study demonstrate affiliation with the center to be effective at enhancing overall productivity as well as at facilitating cross-discipline, cross-sector, and inter-institutional productivity and collaborations. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; Research collaboration; Science and technology policy; University research center
Larivière V.; Gingras Y.	Brief communication: The impact factor's Matthew effect: A natural experiment in bibliometrics	2010	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	N/A	"Since the publication of Robert K. Merton's theory of cumulative advantage in science (Matthew Effect), several empirical studies have tried to measure its presence at the level of papers, individual researchers, institutions, or countries. However, these studies seldom control for the intrinsic ""quality"" of papers or of researchers-""better"" (however defined) papers or researchers could receive higher citation rates because they are indeed of better quality. Using an original method for controlling the intrinsic value of papers-identical duplicate papers published in different journals with different impact factors-this paper shows that the journal in which papers are published have a strong influence on their citation rates, as duplicate papers published in highimpact journals obtain, on average, twice as many citations as their identical counterparts published in journals with lower impact factors. The intrinsic value of a paper is thus not the only reason a given paper gets cited or not, there is a specific Matthew Effect attached to journals and this gives to papers published there an added value over and above their intrinsic quality. © 2009 ASIS&T."	N/A
Lowry P.B.; Moody G.D.; Gaskin J.; Galletta D.F.; Humpherys S.L.; Barlow J.B.; Wilson D.W.	Evaluating journal quality and the association for information systems senior scholars' journal basket via bibliometric measures: Do expert journal assessments add value?	2013	MIS Quarterly: Management Information Systems	10.25300/MISQ/2013/37.4.01	"Information systems journal rankings and ratings help scholars focus their publishing efforts and are widely used surrogates for judging the quality of research. Over the years, numerous approaches have been used to rank IS journals, approaches such as citation metrics, school lists, acceptance rates, and expert assessments. However, the results of these approaches often conflict due to a host of validity concerns. In the current scientometric study, we make significant strides toward correcting for these limitations in the ranking of mainstream IS journals. We compare expert rankings to bibliometric measures such as the ISI Impact Factor™, the h-index, and social network analysis metrics. Among other findings, we conclude that bibliometric measures provide very similar results to expert-based methods in determining a tiered structure of IS journals, thereby suggesting that bibliometrics can be a complete, less expensive, and more efficient substitute for expert assessment. We also find strong support for seven of the eight journals in the Association for Information Systems Senior Scholars' ""basket"" of journals. A cluster analysis of our results indicates a twotiered separation in the quality of the highest quality IS journals-with MIS Quarterly, Information Systems Research, and Journal of Management Information Systems belonging, in that order, to the highest A+ tier. Journal quality metrics fit nicely into the sociology of science literature and can be useful in models that attempt to explain how knowledge disseminates through scientific communities."	AIS Senior Scholars basket of journals; Bibliometrics; Composite ranking or rating; Expert opinion; H-index; Impact factor; Information systems journal rankings; Journal quality; Nomologies for dissemination of scientific knowledge; Scientometrics; Self-citation; SenS-6; SenS-8; Social network analysis
Wang J.; Thijs B.; Glänzel W.	Interdisciplinarity and impact: Distinct effects of variety, balance, and disparity	2015	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0127298	Interdisciplinary research is increasingly recognized as the solution to today's challenging scientific and societal problems, but the relationship between interdisciplinary research and scientific impact is still unclear. This paper studies the association between the degree of interdisciplinarity and the number of citations at the paper level. Different from previous studies compositing various aspects of interdisciplinarity into a single indicator, we use factor analysis to uncover distinct dimensions of interdisciplinarity corresponding to variety, balance, and disparity. We estimate Poisson models with journal fixed effects and robust standard errors to analyze the divergent relationships between these three factors and citations. We find that long-term (13-year) citations (1) increase at an increasing rate with variety, (2) decrease with balance, and (3) increase at a decreasing rate with disparity. Furthermore, interdisciplinarity also affects the process of citation accumulation: (1) although variety and disparity have positive effects on long-term citations, they have negative effects on short-term (3-year) citations, and (2) although balance has a negative effect on long-term citations, its negative effect is insignificant in the short run. These findings have important implications for interdisciplinary research and science policy. © 2015 Wang et al.	N/A
Franzoni C.; Scellato G.; Stephan P.	Changing incentives to publish	2011	Science	10.1126/science.1197286	National incentive policies relate to increases in research article submissions and publications in Science.	N/A
Abramo G.; D'Angelo C.A.; Murgia G.	Gender differences in research collaboration	2013	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2013.07.002	The debate on the role of women in the academic world has focused on various phenomena that could be at the root of the gender gap seen in many nations. However, in spite of the ever more collaborative character of scientific research, the issue of gender aspects in research collaborations has been treated in a marginal manner. In this article we apply an innovative bibliometric approach based on the propensity for collaboration by individual academics, which permits measurement of gender differences in the propensity to collaborate by fields, disciplines and forms of collaboration: intramural, extramural domestic and international. The analysis of the scientific production of Italian academics shows that women researchers register a greater capacity to collaborate in all the forms analyzed, with the exception of international collaboration, where there is still a gap in comparison to male colleagues. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Collaboration patterns; Gender; Research collaboration; University
Zitt M.; Ramanana-Rahary S.; Bassecoulard E.	Relativity of citation performance and excellence measures: From cross-field to cross-scale effects of field-normalisation	2005	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-005-0218-y	As citation practices strongly depend on fields, field normalisation is recognised as necessary for fair comparison of figures in bibliometrics and evaluation studies. However fields may be defined at various levels, from small research areas to broad academic disciplines, and thus normalisation values are expected to vary. The aim of this project was to test the stability of citation ratings of articles as the level of observation - hence the basis of normalisation - changes. A conventional classification of science based on ISI subject categories and their aggregates at various scales was used, namely at five levels: all science, large academic discipline, sub-discipline, speciality and journal. Among various normalisation methods, we selected a simple ranking method (quantiles), based on the citation score of the article in each particular aggregate (journal, speciality, etc.) it belonged to at each level. The study was conducted on articles in the full SCI range, for publication year 1998 with a four-year citation window. Stability is measured in three ways: overall comparison of article rankings; individual trajectory of articles; survival of the top-cited class across levels. Overall rank correlations on the observed empirical structure are benchmarked against two fictitious sets that keep the same embedded structure of articles but reassign citation scores either in a totally ordered or in a totally random distribution. These sets act respectively as a 'worst case' and 'best case' for the stability of citation ratings. The results show that: (a) the average citation rankings of articles substantially change with the level of observation (b) observation at the journal level is very particular, and the results differ greatly in all test circumstances from all the other levels of observation (c) the lack of cross-scale stability is confirmed when looking at the distribution of individual trajectories of articles across the levels; (d) when considering the top-cited fractions, a standard measure of excellence, it is found that the contents of the 'top-cited' set is completely dependent on the level of observation. The instability of impact measures should not be interpreted in terms of lack of robustness but rather as the co-existence of various perspectives each having their own form of legitimacy. A follow-up study will focus on the micro levels of observation and will be based on a structure built around bibliometric groupings rather than conventional groupings based on ISI subject categories. Copyright © 2005 Akadémiai Kiadó, All rights reserved.	N/A
Ferretti F.; Saltelli A.; Tarantola S.	Trends in sensitivity analysis practice in the last decade	2016	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.02.133	The majority of published sensitivity analyses (SAs) are either local or one factor-at-a-time (OAT) analyses, relying on unjustified assumptions of model linearity and additivity. Global approaches to sensitivity analyses (GSA) which would obviate these shortcomings, are applied by a minority of researchers. By reviewing the academic literature on SA, we here present a bibliometric analysis of the trends of different SA practices in last decade. The review has been conducted both on some top ranking journals (Nature and Science) and through an extended analysis in the Elsevier's Scopus database of scientific publications. After correcting for the global growth in publications, the amount of papers performing a generic SA has notably increased over the last decade. Even if OAT is still the most largely used technique in SA, there is a clear increase in the use of GSA with preference respectively for regression and variance-based techniques. Even after adjusting for the growth of publications in the sole modelling field, to which SA and GSA normally apply, the trend is confirmed. Data about regions of origin and discipline are also briefly discussed. The results above are confirmed when zooming on the sole articles published in chemical modelling, a field historically proficient in the use of SA methods. © 2016 British Geological Survey, NERC	Bibliometric analysis; Chemical modelling; Global sensitivity analysis; Sensitivity analysis
Abbott A.; Cyranoski D.; Jones N.; Maher B.; Schiermeier Q.; Van Noorden R.	Metrics: Do metrics matter?	2010	Nature	10.1038/465860a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Baker N.C.; Ekins S.; Williams A.J.; Tropsha A.	A bibliometric review of drug repurposing	2018	Drug Discovery Today	10.1016/j.drudis.2018.01.018	We have conducted a bibliometric review of drug repurposing by scanning >25 million papers in PubMed and using text-mining methods to gather, count and analyze chemical–disease therapeutic relationships. We find that >60% of the ∼35,000 drugs or drug candidates identified in our study have been tried in more than one disease, including 189 drugs that have been tried in >300 diseases each. Whereas in the majority of cases these drugs were applied in therapeutic areas close to their original use, there have been striking, and perhaps instructive, successful attempts of drug repurposing for unexpected, novel therapeutic areas. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd	N/A
Kumar S.; Sahoo S.; Lim W.M.; Kraus S.; Bamel U.	Fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA) in business and management research: A contemporary overview	2022	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2022.121599	To make scientific inferences about business phenomena, it may not be sufficient to consider the real-world context of the business environment as statistically symmetrical (e.g., linearly, regular frequencies). This is why recently the use of asymmetrical techniques which draw on the reasoning of complexity theory – such as fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis (fsQCA) – to better predict and explain real-world business phenomena using a configurational approach is being increasingly promoted. This article aims to identify the key contributors and knowledge structure of business and management research involving the application of complexity theory and fsQCA. Using bibliographic data of 1,155 articles extracted from Scopus, our review conducts (1) a performance analysis to shed light on the field's key contributors based on the criteria of journal, article, author, institution, and country, and (2) a scientific mapping using keyword cooccurrence and PageRank to reveal three knowledge clusters and the prominent articles in each cluster. Taken collectively, this review is a useful resource to gain a comprehensive understanding of the state-of-the-art and promising avenues for future research involving the prediction of business phenomena using complexity theory and fsQCA. © 2022	Bibliometric analysis; Complexity theory; Configuration approach; fsQCA; Fuzzy set qualitative comparative analysis; State-of-the-art; Systematic literature review
Belter C.W.	Bibliometric indicators: Opportunities and limits	2015	Journal of the Medical Library Association	10.3163/1536-5050.103.4.014	[No abstract available]	Bibliometrics; Peer review; Program evaluation; Research; Research personnel/statistics and numerical data; Research/organization and administration
Trueger N.S.; Thoma B.; Hsu C.H.; Sullivan D.; Peters L.; Lin M.	The altmetric score: A new measure for article-level dissemination and impact	2015	Annals of Emergency Medicine	10.1016/j.annemergmed.2015.04.022	[No abstract available]	N/A
Hjørland B.	Citation analysis: A social and dynamic approach to knowledge organization	2013	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/j.ipm.2013.07.001	Knowledge organization (KO) and bibliometrics have traditionally been seen as separate subfields of library and information science, but bibliometric techniques make it possible to identify candidate terms for thesauri and to organize knowledge by relating scientific papers and authors to each other and thereby indicating kinds of relatedness and semantic distance. It is therefore important to view bibliometric techniques as a family of approaches to KO in order to illustrate their relative strengths and weaknesses. The subfield of bibliometrics concerned with citation analysis forms a distinct approach to KO which is characterized by its social, historical and dynamic nature, its close dependence on scholarly literature and its explicit kind of literary warrant. The two main methods, co-citation analysis and bibliographic coupling represent different things and thus neither can be considered superior for all purposes. The main difference between traditional knowledge organization systems (KOSs) and maps based on citation analysis is that the first group represents intellectual KOSs, whereas the second represents social KOSs. For this reason bibliometric maps cannot be expected ever to be fully equivalent to scholarly taxonomies, but they are - along with other forms of KOSs - valuable tools for assisting users' to orient themselves to the information ecology. Like other KOSs, citation-based maps cannot be neutral but will always be based on researchers' decisions, which tend to favor certain interests and views at the expense of others. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Approaches to knowledge organization; Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Epistemology; Information organization
Padilla F.M.; Gallardo M.; Manzano-Agugliaro F.	Global trends in nitrate leaching research in the 1960–2017 period	2018	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2018.06.215	Nitrate leaching is the process whereby the nitrate (NO3                             −) anion moves downwards in the soil profile with soil water. Nitrate leaching is commonly associated with chemical nitrogen (N) fertilizers used in agriculture. Nitrate leaching from different sources and contamination of surface and groundwater is a global phenomenon that has prompted social and political pressure to reduce nitrate leaching and contamination of water bodies. This bibliometric study analyzed global trends in nitrate leaching research. The results showed a rising interest in the last decades in this topic; given the growth tendency over the last years, it was envisaged that the importance on nitrate leaching research will continue increasing in the future. Knowledge on nitrate leaching was mostly disseminated through scientific publications (90% of total documents recovered), both as journal articles and reviews, classified in the Scopus database in the Agricultural, Biological and Environmental Sciences areas. Most publications dealt with soil nitrogen losses from agroecosystems and farmlands and the associated impact on the environment; they were published in journals with a focus on the influence of anthropogenic and soil-crop-animal systems in the environment, and on how such changes in the environment impact agroecosystems. Most documents published on nitrate leaching were indisputably from the United States, followed by China, the United Kingdom and Germany. An analysis of the main keywords showed an overall dominance of the soil nitrogen cycle, fertilizer use in agriculture and water quality aspects. The evolution of main crop species involved in nitrate leaching research showed a rising relevance of research conducted with maize, wheat and grasses from 1990 onwards. The most productive institutions in terms of number of documents dealing with nitrate leaching research, h-index and total citations, were located in the United States, China and the Netherlands. The United States Department of Agriculture stood out, followed by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Wageningen University and Research. There were clusters of institutions with intercontinental interaction, on nitrate leaching research, between institutions from Europe, Asia and South and North America. Overall, this study has highlighted, from a bibliometric perspective, the rising concern on nitrate leaching. Progress in this field has been made particularly on the impact of the soil-plant-animal system on the environment and agroecosystems, and on fundamental and applied aspects of plant-soil interactions with an emphasis in cropping systems. © 2018 Elsevier B.V.	Agriculture; Drainage; Environmental impact; Fertilizer; Groundwater; Scopus
Garfield E.	Citation indexes for science. A new dimension in documentation through association of ideas	2006	International Journal of Epidemiology	10.1093/ije/dyl189	[No abstract available]	N/A
Rovelli P.; Ferasso M.; De Massis A.; Kraus S.	Thirty years of research in family business journals: Status quo and future directions	2022	Journal of Family Business Strategy	10.1016/j.jfbs.2021.100422	Family firms are the most ubiquitous form of business organization in any world economy. Family Business Review, Journal of Family Business Strategy, and Journal of Family Business Management are the three leading academic journals exclusively dedicated to this type of firms. Since the inception of the first of the three journals in 1988, these outlets published 1381 articles dealing with family business. This study offers a comprehensive bibliometric overview of these contributions, thereby providing a complete overview of family business research conducted in the three dedicated journals in this field, and laying the ground for future developments. We do not limit our effort to describe the field from a bibliometric perspective, but furthermore unearth the most debated topics, link thematically the aspects emerging from our review, and offer promising avenues for future research. © 2021 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Family business; Literature review; Research
van Eck N.J.; Waltman L.; van Raan A.F.J.; Klautz R.J.M.; Peul W.C.	Citation Analysis May Severely Underestimate the Impact of Clinical Research as Compared to Basic Research	2013	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0062395	Background: Citation analysis has become an important tool for research performance assessment in the medical sciences. However, different areas of medical research may have considerably different citation practices, even within the same medical field. Because of this, it is unclear to what extent citation-based bibliometric indicators allow for valid comparisons between research units active in different areas of medical research. Methodology: A visualization methodology is introduced that reveals differences in citation practices between medical research areas. The methodology extracts terms from the titles and abstracts of a large collection of publications and uses these terms to visualize the structure of a medical field and to indicate how research areas within this field differ from each other in their average citation impact. Results: Visualizations are provided for 32 medical fields, defined based on journal subject categories in the Web of Science database. The analysis focuses on three fields: Cardiac & cardiovascular systems, Clinical neurology, and Surgery. In each of these fields, there turn out to be large differences in citation practices between research areas. Low-impact research areas tend to focus on clinical intervention research, while high-impact research areas are often more oriented on basic and diagnostic research. Conclusions: Popular bibliometric indicators, such as the h-index and the impact factor, do not correct for differences in citation practices between medical fields. These indicators therefore cannot be used to make accurate between-field comparisons. More sophisticated bibliometric indicators do correct for field differences but still fail to take into account within-field heterogeneity in citation practices. As a consequence, the citation impact of clinical intervention research may be substantially underestimated in comparison with basic and diagnostic research. © 2013 van Eck et al.	N/A
Curran C.-S.; Bröring S.; Leker J.	Anticipating converging industries using publicly available data	2010	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2009.10.002	Industry convergence, described as the blurring of boundaries between industries, plays an increasingly pivotal role in shaping markets and industries. Traditionally, this phenomenon has been discussed in respect to telecommunications, information technologies and electronics, but more recently also the chemical and its related industries find themselves affected by a larger convergence process. With the primary example of phytosterols in the two converging industries of Cosmeceuticals and of Nutraceuticals and Functional Foods, we analyze 7455 scientific and patent references in respect to first indicators for signs of convergence. Furthermore, we present and discuss a multiple indicator concept for monitoring convergence in an R&D-intensive field on the basis of publicly available data. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Chemical industry; Converging industries; Cosmeceuticals; Nutraceuticals and Functional Foods; Patent analysis; Phytosterols
Contopoulos-Ioannidis D.G.; Alexiou G.A.; Gouvias T.C.; Ioannidis J.P.A.	Medicine: Life cycle of translational research for medical interventions	2008	Science	10.1126/science.1160622	From the initial discovery of a medical intervention to a highly cited article is a long road, and even this is not the end of the journey.	N/A
Neylon C.; Wu S.	Article-level metrics and the evolution of scientific impact	2009	PLoS Biology	10.1371/journal.pbio.1000242	[No abstract available]	N/A
Larivière V.; Desrochers N.; Macaluso B.; Mongeon P.; Paul-Hus A.; Sugimoto C.R.	Contributorship and division of labor in knowledge production	2016	Social Studies of Science	10.1177/0306312716650046	Scientific authorship has been increasingly complemented with contributorship statements. While such statements are said to ensure more equitable credit and responsibility attribution, they also provide an opportunity to examine the roles and functions that authors play in the construction of knowledge and the relationship between these roles and authorship order. Drawing on a comprehensive and multidisciplinary dataset of 87,002 documents in which contributorship statements are found, this article examines the forms that division of labor takes across disciplines, the relationships between various types of contributions, as well as the relationships between the contribution types and various indicators of authors’ seniority. It shows that scientific work is more highly divided in medical disciplines than in mathematics, physics, and disciplines of the social sciences, and that, with the exception of medicine, the writing of the paper is the task most often associated with authorship. The results suggest a clear distinction between contributions that could be labeled as ‘technical’ and those that could be considered ‘conceptual’: While conceptual tasks are typically associated with authors with higher seniority, technical tasks are more often performed by younger scholars. Finally, results provide evidence of a U-shaped relationship between extent of contribution and author order: In all disciplines, first and last authors typically contribute to more tasks than middle authors. The paper concludes with a discussion of the implications of the results for the reward system of science. © 2016, © The Author(s) 2016.	authorship; bibliometrics; collaboration; contributorship
Garfield E.; Paris S.W.; Stock W.G.	HistCite™: A software tool for informetric analysis of citation linkage	2006	Information-Wissenschaft und Praxis	N/A	"HistCite™ is a software tool for analyzing and visualizing direct citation linkages between scientific papers. Its inputs are bibliographic records (with cited references) from ""Web of Knowledge"" or other sources. Its outputs are various tables and graphs with informetric indicators about the knowledge domain under study. As an example we analyze informetrically the literature about Alexius Meinong, an Austrian philosopher and psychologist. The article shortly discusses the informetric functionality of ""Web of Knowledge"" and shows broadly the possibilities that HistCite offers to its users (e.g. scientists, scientometricans and science journalists)."	Algorithmic historiography of science; Bibliometrics; Citation; Citation analysis; Citation linkage; HistCite; Informetrics; Knowledge domain; Scientometrics; Web of Knowledge; Web of Science
Koseoglu M.A.	Growth and structure of authorship and co-authorship network in the strategic management realm: Evidence from the Strategic Management Journal	2016	BRQ Business Research Quarterly	10.1016/j.brq.2016.02.001	The main objective of this study is to investigate the intellectual structure and evolution of author collaborations from articles published in the Strategic Management Journal between 1980 and 2014. This assessment includes the general view of authorship, authorship patterns, author productivity, ranking of authors, visualization of the co-authorship network, comparison of strategic management co-authorship network attributes with those of other disciplines, the evolution of main components and core authors in the networks by period, discussions on whether the strategic management network fits with the small world network theory, individual network attributes such as degree centrality, Bonacich's power index, closeness centrality, and betweenness centrality. Finally, the authors provide an inclusive evaluation of the results, limitations, and suggestions for future research. © 2016 ACEDE.	Bibliometrics; Co-authorship; Small world; Social network analysis; Strategic Management Journal
Ioannidis J.P.A.; Baas J.; Klavans R.; Boyack K.W.	A standardized citation metrics author database annotated for scientific field	2019	PLoS Biology	10.1371/journal.pbio.3000384	Citation metrics are widely used and misused. We have created a publicly available database of 100,000 top scientists that provides standardized information on citations, h-index, coauthorship-adjusted hm-index, citations to papers in different authorship positions, and a composite indicator. Separate data are shown for career-long and single-year impact. Metrics with and without self-citations and ratio of citations to citing papers are given. Scientists are classified into 22 scientific fields and 176 subfields. Field- and subfield-specific percentiles are also provided for all scientists who have published at least five papers. Career-long data are updated to end of 2017 and to end of 2018 for comparison. © 2019 Ioannidis et al.	N/A
Henriksen D.	The rise in co-authorship in the social sciences (1980–2013)	2016	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-016-1849-x	This article examines the rise in co-authorship in the Social Sciences over a 34-year period. It investigates the development in co-authorship in different research fields and discusses how the methodological differences in these research fields together with changes in academia affect the tendency to co-author articles. The study is based on bibliographic data about 4.5 million peer review articles published in the period 1980–2013 and indexed in the 56 subject categories of the Web of Science’s Social Science Citation Index. The results show a rise in the average number of authors, share of co-authored and international co-authored articles in the majority of the subject categories. However, the results also show that there are great disciplinary differences to the extent of the rises in co-authorship. The subject categories with a great share of international co-authored articles have generally experienced an increase in co-authorship, but increasing international collaboration is not the only factor influencing the rise in co-authorship. Hence, the most substantial rises have occurred in subject categories, where the research often is based on the use of experiments, large data set, statistical methods and/or team-production models. © 2016, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Co-authorship; Research collaboration; Social sciences
Culnan M.J.; Swanson E.B.	Research in management information systems, 1980-1984: Points of work and reference	1986	MIS Quarterly: Management Information Systems	10.2307/249263	This article examines the progress of MIS as a scholarly field of study since 1980. In this examination, MIS is identified as emerging from a supporting base of three foundational fields: computer science, management science, and organization science. Hypotheses related to this emergence are tested by an analysis of data on 271 MIS articles published during the period 1980-84 in six academic journals and one conference proceedings. Each article is described by its work point (the field of study represented by the publication In which the article appears) and its reference point (as represented by the distribution of the article's publication citations). Results of the analysis support the proposition that MIS is emerging as a distinct field of study, with its own cumulative tradition.	Bibliometrics; Computer science; Management science; MIS; Organization science
Valenzuela L.M.; Merigó J.M.; Johnston W.J.; Nicolas C.; Jaramillo J.F.	Thirty years of the Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing: a bibliometric analysis	2017	Journal of Business and Industrial Marketing	10.1108/JBIM-04-2016-0079	Purpose: The aim of this study is to reveal the contribution that Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing has to scientific research and its most influential thematic work in B-to-B since its beginning in 1986 until 2015, in commemoration of the 30th anniversary. Design/methodology/approach: The paper begins with a qualitative introduction: the emergence of the magazine, its origins, editorial and positioning. Subsequently, it is based on bibliometric methodologies to develop quantitative analysis. The distribution of annual publications is analyzed, the most cited papers, the keywords that are mostly used, the influence on the publishing industry and authors, universities and the countries that have the most publications. Findings: The predominant role of the USA at all levels is highlighted. It also highlights the presence (given its size and population) of the countries of Northern Europe. There is great interest in appreciating the evolution of the number of publications that are always increasing which demonstrates the growing and sustained interest in these types of articles, with certain times of retreat (often coincide with economic crisis). Research limitations/implications: The Scopus database gives one unit to each author, university or country involved in the paper, without distinguishing whether it was one or more authors in the study. Therefore, this may bring some deviations in the analysis. However, the study considers some figures with fractional counting to partially solve these limitations. Practical implications: After observing the different perspectives of the journal’s production, it allows to give an objective view of the evolution that the Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing has had in the past 30 years. Originality/value: It is part of the trend that several journals (Journal of Marketing, Journal of Public Policy & Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, Journal of Business Research) made special sections to show progress and contribution of these journals to scientific research. © 2017, © Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Business marketing; Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing; Science mapping
Hicks D.; Breitzman T.; Olivastro D.; Hamilton K.	The changing composition of innovative activity in the US - A portrait based on patent analysis	2001	Research Policy	10.1016/S0048-7333(00)00147-5	In this paper, patent bibliometrics are used to investigate shifts underway in the American innovation system. Patent indicators point to extraordinarily dynamic innovation in information and health technologies accompanied by a shift in the center of US innovation from the East to the West Coast. Innovating companies are adapting to the demise of large corporate basic research laboratories by using their own research instead. Growth in university patenting is also striking, and universities have become dominant patentees in a few large, economically vibrant cities. The importance of universities to local innovation has also been revealed by the growth in referencing from patents to papers which allows us to see that companies preferentially reference papers from in-state public sector institutions. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.	Innovation; Local; Patent; United States; University
Schey K.L.; Luther J.M.; Rose K.L.	Proteomics characterization of exosome cargo	2015	Methods	10.1016/j.ymeth.2015.03.018	Characterization of exosomal cargo is of significant interest because this cargo can provide clues to exosome biogenesis, targeting, and cellular effects and may be a source of biomarkers for disease diagnosis, prognosis and response to treatment. With recent improvements in proteomics technologies, both qualitative and quantitative characterization of exosomal proteins is possible. Here we provide a brief review of exosome proteomics studies and provide detailed protocols for global qualitative, global quantitative, and targeted quantitative analysis of exosomal proteins. In addition, we provide an example application of a standard global quantitative analysis followed by validation via a targeted quantitative analysis of urine exosome samples from human patients. Advantages and limitations of each method are discussed as well as future directions for exosome proteomics analysis. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.	Mass spectrometry; Post-translational modifications; Proteomics
E Fonseca B.P.F.; Sampaio R.B.; Fonseca M.V.A.; Zicker F.	Co-authorship network analysis in health research: Method and potential use	2016	Health Research Policy and Systems	10.1186/s12961-016-0104-5	Scientific collaboration networks are a hallmark of contemporary academic research. Researchers are no longer independent players, but members of teams that bring together complementary skills and multidisciplinary approaches around common goals. Social network analysis and co-authorship networks are increasingly used as powerful tools to assess collaboration trends and to identify leading scientists and organizations. The analysis reveals the social structure of the networks by identifying actors and their connections. This article reviews the method and potential applications of co-authorship network analysis in health. The basic steps for conducting co-authorship studies in health research are described and common network metrics are presented. The application of the method is exemplified by an overview of the global research network for Chikungunya virus vaccines. © 2016 Fonseca et al.	N/A
Payrovnaziri S.N.; Chen Z.; Rengifo-Moreno P.; Miller T.; Bian J.; Chen J.H.; Liu X.; He Z.	Explainable artificial intelligence models using real-world electronic health record data: A systematic scoping review	2020	Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association	10.1093/jamia/ocaa053	Objective: To conduct a systematic scoping review of explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) models that use real-world electronic health record data, categorize these techniques according to different biomedical applications, identify gaps of current studies, and suggest future research directions. Materials and Methods: We searched MEDLINE, IEEE Xplore, and the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Digital Library to identify relevant papers published between January 1, 2009 and May 1, 2019. We summarized these studies based on the year of publication, prediction tasks, machine learning algorithm, dataset(s) used to build the models, the scope, category, and evaluation of the XAI methods. We further assessed the reproducibility of the studies in terms of the availability of data and code and discussed open issues and challenges. Results: Forty-two articles were included in this review. We reported the research trend and most-studied diseases. We grouped XAI methods into 5 categories: knowledge distillation and rule extraction (N = 13), intrinsically interpretable models (N = 9), data dimensionality reduction (N = 8), attention mechanism (N = 7), and feature interaction and importance (N = 5). Discussion: XAI evaluation is an open issue that requires a deeper focus in the case of medical applications. We also discuss the importance of reproducibility of research work in this field, as well as the challenges and opportunities of XAI from 2 medical professionals' point of view. Conclusion: Based on our review, we found that XAI evaluation in medicine has not been adequately and formally practiced. Reproducibility remains a critical concern. Ample opportunities exist to advance XAI research in medicine.  © 2020 The Author(s) 2020. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Medical Informatics Association. All rights reserved.	deep learning; electronic health records; Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI); interpretable machine learning; real-world data
Rojas-Sánchez M.A.; Palos-Sánchez P.R.; Folgado-Fernández J.A.	Systematic literature review and bibliometric analysis on virtual reality and education	2023	Education and Information Technologies	10.1007/s10639-022-11167-5	The objective of this study is to identify and analyze the scientific literature with a bibliometric analysis to find the main topics, authors, sources, most cited articles, and countries in the literature on virtual reality in education. Another aim is to understand the conceptual, intellectual, and social structure of the literature on the subject and identify the knowledge base of the use of VR in education and whether it is commonly used and integrated into teaching–learning processes. To do this, articles indexed in the Main Collections of the Web of Science, Scopus and Lens were analyzed for the period 2010 to 2021. The research results are presented in two parts: the first is a quantitative analysis that provides an overview of virtual reality (VR) technology used in the educational field, with tables, graphs, and maps, highlighting the main performance indicators for the production of articles and their citation. The results obtained found a total of 718 articles of which the following were analyzed 273 published articles. The second stage consisted of an inductive type of analysis that found six major groups in the cited articles, which are instruction and learning using VR, VR learning environments, use of VR in different fields of knowledge, learning processes using VR applications or games, learning processes employing simulation, and topics published during the Covid-19 pandemic. Another important aspect to mention is that VR is used in many different areas of education, but until the beginning of the pandemic the use of this so-called “disruptive process” came mainly from students, Institutions were reluctant and slow to accept and include VR in the teaching–learning processes. © 2022, The Author(s).	Bibliometrics; Educational innovation; Educational technology; Learning management; Learning processes; Learning transfer; Virtual classroom; Virtual reality
Noyons E.C.M.; Moed H.F.; Van Raan A.F.J.	Integrating research performance analysis and science mapping	1999	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02459614	In this paper we present the explorations of combining the two main pillars of evaluative bibliometrics. These two pillars, performance analysis and science mapping, both have their strengths and imperfections. In this study we show how these imperfections are dealt with by an integrated analysis.	N/A
Yue X.; Ma N.L.; Sonne C.; Guan R.; Lam S.S.; Van Le Q.; Chen X.; Yang Y.; Gu H.; Rinklebe J.; Peng W.	Mitigation of indoor air pollution: A review of recent advances in adsorption materials and catalytic oxidation	2021	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2020.124138	Indoor air pollution with toxic volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and fine particulate matter (PM2.5) is a threat to human health, causing cancer, leukemia, fetal malformation, and abortion. Therefore, the development of technologies to mitigate indoor air pollution is important to avoid adverse effects. Adsorption and photocatalytic oxidation are the current approaches for the removal of VOCs and PM2.5 with high efficiency. In this review we focus on the recent development of indoor air pollution mitigation materials based on adsorption and photocatalytic decomposition. First, we review on the primary indoor air pollutants including formaldehyde, benzene compounds, PM2.5, flame retardants, and plasticizer: Next, the recent advances in the use of adsorption materials including traditional biochar and MOF (metal–organic frameworks) as the new emerging porous materials for VOCs absorption is reviewed. We review the mechanism for mitigation of VOCs using biochar (noncarbonized organic matter partition and adsorption) and MOF together with parameters that affect indoor air pollution removal efficiency based on current mitigation approaches including the mitigation of VOCs using photocatalytic oxidation. Finally, we bring forward perspectives and directions for the development of indoor air mitigation technologies. © 2020	Adsorption; Hazardous VOCs; Indoor air pollution; MOFs; Photocatalytic oxidation; PM2.5
Nielsen M.W.; Andersen J.P.; Schiebinger L.; Schneider J.W.	One and a half million medical papers reveal a link between author gender and attention to gender and sex analysis	2017	Nature Human Behaviour	10.1038/s41562-017-0235-x	Gender and sex analysis is increasingly recognized as a key factor in creating better medical research and health care 1-7. Using a sample of more than 1.5 million medical research papers, our study examined the potential link between women's participation in medical science and attention to gender-related and sex-related factors in disease-specific research. Adjusting for variations across countries, disease topics and medical research areas, we compared the participation of women authors in studies that do and do not involve gender and sex analysis. Overall, our results show a robust positive correlation between women's authorship and the likelihood of a study including gender and sex analysis. These findings corroborate discussions of how women's participation in medical science links to research outcomes, and show the mutual benefits of promoting both the scientific advancement of women and the integration of gender and sex analysis into medical research. © 2017 The Author(s).	N/A
Mao G.; Liu X.; Du H.; Zuo J.; Wang L.	Way forward for alternative energy research: A bibliometric analysis during 1994-2013	2015	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2015.03.094	The alternative energy plays a crucial role in the sustainable energy development. The alternative energy related literature had attracted a growing attention with the research outputs expanding substantially. Based on the Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E) and the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), a bibliometric analysis of the research output was carried out to depict existing research activities on alternative energy and future directions. The article was the main type of publications with the English as the dominate language to explain their results. With the publications increasing rapidly since 2008, the researches mostly focused on the fields of Energy & Fuels and Environmental Sciences. Energy Policy was the journal that published the largest number of research articles on the alternative energy. The bioenergy and solar energy were popular items in the commonly used 20 journals. Among the countries, the USA was leading on alternative energy related research, publishing the largest number of articles (TP=2368) and being the most influent (h-index=90). The USA played a key role in the academic collaborations with China, UK, Canada, Germany, Italy, South Korea and Spain. The National Renewable Energy Lab (the USA) contributed most in the alternative energy field and more specially, the School of Electrical & Computer Engineering (TP=36) was the most productive subordinate in the National Technology University of Athens. It was interesting to note that more attention was paid to solar or wind energy during the first 5 or 10 years, then turned to bioenergy subsequently except for Spain, Canada and Australia. In addition, bioenergy received the most attention in the 7 types of alternative energy. The forest/wood biomass, energy crops and switchgrass were the main bioenergy resources and fermentation was the commonly used conversion technology. The production of biogas, biodiesel and bioethanol was most popular in the bioenergy related studies. Wind energy and solar energy related researches were mainly on the energy utilization approaches such as the wind generation, wind farm, photovoltaic and solar thermal. The conversion devices such as the wind turbine and solar cell were paid most attention in order to improve the production efficiency. The most cited article, published in Desalination in 2009 with 1562 citations until 2013, was about wind power utilization in the reverse osmosis desalination plant. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Alternative energy; Bibliometric method; Bioenergy; Cooperation analysis; h-Index
Gurzki H.; Woisetschläger D.M.	Mapping the luxury research landscape: A bibliometric citation analysis	2017	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2016.11.009	This paper provides a systematic review of the current state of luxury research by mapping the research landscape to identify key research clusters, publications, and journals that have relevance to the luxury subject across disciplines. Thereby, it contributes to the literature by providing a state-of-the-field review of the broader luxury research field. Using the ISI Web of Knowledge Core collection, this study conducts a document co-citation analysis of 49,139 cited references from 1,315 publications that study luxury. The combination of bibliometric methods and a systematic review allows this study to overcome barriers of traditional literature reviews by integrating a large set of publications across various disciplines and leveraging the insights of the larger scientific community. It identifies ten major research clusters that characterize the different research streams and discusses their intellectual foundations. Moreover, this research develops a conceptual framework that can be a valuable guide for researchers and practitioners. © 2016 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Conspicuous consumption; Literature review; Luxury; Status consumption
Aparicio G.; Iturralde T.; Maseda A.	Conceptual structure and perspectives on entrepreneurship education research: A bibliometric review	2019	European Research on Management and Business Economics	10.1016/j.iedeen.2019.04.003	This study aims to review the field of Entrepreneurship Education (EE). The review examines 325 scientific articles published in refereed scientific journals from 1987 to 2017. The SciMat software was used to conduct an analysis of performance indicators and science mapping visualizations. The performance analysis results identified some of the field's most active and influential articles, journals, and authors. The science mapping visualization of co-word analysis results revealed EE research evolution. In general, we found that EE research has evolved from EE as part of an economic development strategy to the EE academic perspective. Furthermore, research themes showed that students, rather than teachers, have become the main agents of the educational process. The results of this bibliometric analysis enhance understanding of the evolution of EE research with a global overview of the relevant literature and its authors. © 2019 AEDEM	Bibliometrics; Entrepreneurial intention; Entrepreneurial learning; Entrepreneurship education; SciMat
Haustein S.	Grand challenges in altmetrics: heterogeneity, data quality and dependencies	2016	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-016-1910-9	With increasing uptake among researchers, social media are finding their way into scholarly communication and, under the umbrella term altmetrics, are starting to be utilized in research evaluation. Fueled by technological possibilities and an increasing demand to demonstrate impact beyond the scientific community, altmetrics have received great attention as potential democratizers of the scientific reward system and indicators of societal impact. This paper focuses on the current challenges for altmetrics. Heterogeneity, data quality and particular dependencies are identified as the three major issues and discussed in detail with an emphasis on past developments in bibliometrics. The heterogeneity of altmetrics reflects the diversity of the acts and online events, most of which take place on social media platforms. This heterogeneity has made it difficult to establish a common definition or conceptual framework. Data quality issues become apparent in the lack of accuracy, consistency and replicability of various altmetrics, which is largely affected by the dynamic nature of social media events. Furthermore altmetrics are shaped by technical possibilities and are particularly dependent on the availability of APIs and DOIs, strongly dependent on data providers and aggregators, and potentially influenced by the technical affordances of underlying platforms. © 2016, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Big data; Comparability; Concordance tables; Data integration; Data quality; Interoperability; Modularization; Research and innovation policy; Research assessment; Standardization
Evans J.A.; Reimer J.	Open access and global participation in science	2009	Science	10.1126/science.1154562	[No abstract available]	N/A
Peters H.P.F.; Van Raan A.F.J.	Structuring scientific activities by co-author analysis - An expercise on a university faculty level	1991	Scientometrics	10.1007/BF02018157	In this paper we apply 'co-author analysis' to create from a large set of publications clusters of collaborating researchers within a faculty of chemical engineering. Results have been discussed with an expert. The co-author clusters appeared to be meaningful, with respect to the identification of research groups, the relations within these groups, as well as to relations between these groups and changes in time. Also differences between ISI-based and non-ISI based maps proved to be consistent with the expert's opinion. Many clusters represent collaborating authors grouped around a full professor, mostly the department chairman. Co-author analysis can be used, for example, as an important tool in evaluative bibliometrics in order to make a first identification of research groups in 'unknown' universities or organizations. © 1991 Akadémiai Kiadó.	N/A
Rusk R.D.; Waters L.E.	Tracing the size, reach, impact, and breadth of positive psychology	2013	Journal of Positive Psychology	10.1080/17439760.2013.777766	This study quantitatively assessed the size, disciplinary reach, impact, and topic breadth of positive psychology (PP), in order to provide a comprehensive evaluation of the growth and significance of the field. Over 1.7 million documents in 700 PsycINFO ® journals covering the fields of psychology, psychiatry, neuroscience, management, business, public health, and sport science were analyzed using semantic and bibliographic methods. Results indicate that PP covers many different research topics from a diverse range of disciplines, and that PP literature has been growing rapidly in significance. Over 18,000 documents were identified as belonging to PP, with 2300 published in 2011. These documents represent over 4% of PsycINFO ® documents within the data-set published that year, and make PP close to the median size of all disciplines listed in the Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports ®, Social Sciences Edition. The aggregate impact factor for PP in 2011 was 2.64. © 2013 Copyright Taylor and Francis Group, LLC.	bibliographic coupling; bibliometrics; co-word; growth; impact; map of science; positive psychology; scientometrics; semantic analysis
Zhang K.; Aslan A.B.	AI technologies for education: Recent research & future directions	2021	Computers and Education: Artificial Intelligence	10.1016/j.caeai.2021.100025	From unique educational perspectives, this article reports a comprehensive review of selected empirical studies on artificial intelligence in education (AIEd) published in 1993–2020, as collected in the Web of Sciences database and selected AIEd-specialized journals. A total of 40 empirical studies met all selection criteria, and were fully reviewed using multiple methods, including selected bibliometrics, content analysis and categorical meta-trends analysis. This article reports the current state of AIEd research, highlights selected AIEd technologies and applications, reviews their proven and potential benefits for education, bridges the gaps between AI technological innovations and their educational applications, and generates practical examples and inspirations for both technological experts that create AIEd technologies and educators who spearhead AI innovations in education. It also provides rich discussions on practical implications and future research directions from multiple perspectives. The advancement of AIEd calls for critical initiatives to address AI ethics and privacy concerns, and requires interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary collaborations in large-scaled, longitudinal research and development efforts. © 2021 The Authors	AI; AI in Education; Artificial intelligence
Daughton C.G.	Pharmaceuticals and the Environment (PiE): Evolution and impact of the published literature revealed by bibliometric analysis	2016	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2016.03.109	The evolution and impact of the published literature surrounding the transdisciplinary, multifaceted topic of pharmaceuticals as contaminants in the environment is examined for the first time in an historical context. The preponderance of literature cited in this examination represents the earlier works. As an historical chronology, the focus is on the emergence of key, specific aspects of the overall topic (often termed PiE) in the published literature and on the most highly cited works. This examination is not a conventional, technical review of the literature; as such, little attention was devoted to the more recent literature. The many dimensions involved with PiE span over 70 years of published literature. Some articles began to appear in published works in the 1940s and earlier, while others only began to receive attention in the 1990s and later. Decades of early research on what at the time seemed to be disconnected topics eventually coalesced in the mid-to-late 1990s around a number of interconnected concerns and issues that now comprise PiE. Major objectives are to provide a new perspective to the topic, to facilitate more efficient and effective review of the literature by others, and to recognize the more significant, seminal contributions to the advancement of PiE as a field of research. Some of the most highly cited articles in all of environmental science now involve PiE. As of April 2015, a core group of 385 PiE articles had each received at least 200 citations; one had received 5424 citations. But hundreds of additional articles also played important roles in the evolution and advancement of the field. © 2016.	Bibliometrics; Environmental contaminants; History; Most cited; Pharmaceuticals
Qiu J.	Publish or perish in China	2010	Nature	10.1038/463142a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Oldenburg B.F.; Sallis J.F.; Ffrench M.L.; Owen N.	Health promotion research and the diffusion and institutionalization of interventions	1999	Health Education Research	10.1093/her/14.1.121	To examine the extent to which health promotion research is providing an empirical basis for the diffusion and institutionalization of effective interventions, we conducted a systematic audit of all articles in 12 public health and health promotion journals for the 1994 calendar year. We identified empirical/non-empirical and health promotion/non-health promotion articles. For each study, the health behaviours or outcomes studied, the target group, gender and setting were categorized. Each study was also categorized as belonging to one of four stages: basic research and development, innovation development, diffusion research, and research into institutionalization or policy implementation. Of all articles coded (n = 1210), 33.9% were identified as non-research, 39.5% were health promotion research and 26.6% were non-health promotion research. The vast majority of studies fell within the basic research and development stage (89.6%), with less than 1% categorized as diffusion research and only 5% as institutionalization or policy implementation research. The published studies reviewed provide a limited empirical basis for diffusion and institutionalization of health promotion programs. These findings suggest a need to more systematically monitor research input (funding) and research output (publications), and to develop a more explicit focus on the relevance of the stages of research innovation and development, the issues and/or behaviours addressed, the target population, and the research setting.	N/A
Li F.; Li M.; Guan P.; Ma S.; Cui L.	Mapping publication trends and identifying hot spots of research on Internet health information seeking behavior: A quantitative and co-word biclustering analysis	2015	Journal of Medical Internet Research	10.2196/jmir.3326	Background: The Internet has become an established source of health information for people seeking health information. In recent years, research on the health information seeking behavior of Internet users has become an increasingly important scholarly focus. However, there have been no long-term bibliometric studies to date on Internet health information seeking behavior. Objective: The purpose of this study was to map publication trends and explore research hot spots of Internet health information seeking behavior. Methods: A bibliometric analysis based on PubMed was conducted to investigate the publication trends of research on Internet health information seeking behavior. For the included publications, the annual publication number, the distribution of countries, authors, languages, journals, and annual distribution of highly frequent major MeSH (Medical Subject Headings) terms were determined. Furthermore, co-word biclustering analysis of highly frequent major MeSH terms was utilized to detect the hot spots in this field. Results: A total of 533 publications were included. The research output was gradually increasing. There were five authors who published four or more articles individually. A total of 271 included publications (50.8%) were written by authors from the United States, and 516 of the 533 articles (96.8%) were published in English. The eight most active journals published 34.1% (182/533) of the publications on this topic. Ten research hot spots were found: (1) behavior of Internet health information seeking about HIV infection or sexually transmitted diseases, (2) Internet health information seeking behavior of students, (3) behavior of Internet health information seeking via mobile phone and its apps, (4) physicians' utilization of Internet medical resources, (5) utilization of social media by parents, (6) Internet health information seeking behavior of patients with cancer (mainly breast cancer), (7) trust in or satisfaction with Web-based health information by consumers, (8) interaction between Internet utilization and physician-patient communication or relationship, (9) preference and computer literacy of people using search engines or other Web-based systems, and (10) attitude of people (especially adolescents) when seeking health information via the Internet. Conclusions: The 10 major research hot spots could provide some hints for researchers when launching new projects. The output of research on Internet health information seeking behavior is gradually increasing. Compared to the United States, the relatively small number of publications indexed by PubMed from other developed and developing countries indicates to some extent that the field might be still underdeveloped in many countries. More studies on Internet health information seeking behavior could give some references for health information providers. ©Fan Li, Min Li, Peng Guan, Shuang Ma, Lei Cui.	Bibliometric analysis; Biclustering; Co-word analysis; Health information; Hot spots; Information seeking behavior; Internet; Publication status
Abramo G.; D'Angelo C.A.	Evaluating research: From informed peer review to bibliometrics	2011	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-011-0352-7	National research assessment exercises are becoming regular events in ever more countries. The present work contrasts the peer-review and bibliometrics approaches in the conduct of these exercises. The comparison is conducted in terms of the essential parameters of any measurement system: accuracy, robustness, validity, functionality, time and costs. Empirical evidence shows that for the natural and formal sciences, the bibliometric methodology is by far preferable to peer-review. Setting up national databases of publications by individual authors, derived from Web of Science or Scopus databases, would allow much better, cheaper and more frequent national research assessments. © 2011 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Decision support systems; Peer review; Research assessment; Research productivity
Wagner C.S.; Whetsell T.A.; Mukherjee S.	International research collaboration: Novelty, conventionality, and atypicality in knowledge recombination	2019	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2019.01.002	Research articles produced through international collaboration are more highly cited than other work, but are they also more novel? Using measures developed by Uzzi et al. (2013), and replicated by Boyack and Klavans (2014), this article tests for novelty and conventionality in international research collaboration. Scholars have found that coauthored articles are more novel and have suggested that diverse groups have a greater chance of producing creative work. As such, we expected to find that international collaboration tends to produce more novel research. Using data from Web of Science and Scopus in 2005, we failed to show that international collaboration tends to produce more novel articles. In fact, international collaboration appears to produce less novel and more conventional knowledge combinations. Transaction costs and communication barriers to international collaboration may suppress novelty. Higher citations to international work may be explained by an audience effect, where more authors from more countries results in greater access to a larger citing community. The findings are consistent with explanations of growth in international collaboration that posit a social dynamic of preferential attachment based upon reputation. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Creativity; International collaboration; Novelty; Public policy
Filardo G.; Kon E.; Roffi A.; Di Martino A.; Marcacci M.	Scaffold-based repair for cartilage healing: A systematic review and technical note	2013	Arthroscopy - Journal of Arthroscopic and Related Surgery	10.1016/j.arthro.2012.05.891	Purpose: The aim of this systematic review was to address the treatment of chondral and osteochondral knee lesions through the use of scaffolds, by showing surgical options and results of this scaffold-based repair approach for the healing of the articular surface. Methods: All studies published in English addressing cartilage scaffold-based treatment were identified, including those that fulfilled the following criteria: (1) Levels I to IV evidence addressing the outlined areas of interest, (2) measures of functional or clinical outcome, (3) knee cartilage lesions, and (4) minimum of 2 years of follow-up. Results: The analysis showed a progressively increasing number of articles per year from 1995 to February 2012. The number of selected articles was 51, with 40 focusing on 2-step procedures and 11 focusing on 1-step procedures. The evaluation of evidence level showed 3 randomized studies, 10 comparative studies, 33 case series, and 5 case reports. Conclusions: Regenerative scaffold-based procedures are emerging as a therapeutic option for the treatment of chondral lesions, but well-designed studies are lacking. Systematic long-term evaluation of these techniques and randomized studies are necessary to confirm the potential of this treatment approach, especially compared with the available traditional treatments. Different 1-step scaffold-based strategies are emerging to simplify the procedure and reduce costs. Level of Evidence: Level IV, systematic review of Level I to IV studies. © 2013 by the Arthroscopy Association of North America.	N/A
Taylor J.S.; Demers S.M.; Vig E.K.; Borson S.	The disappearing subject: Exclusion of people with cognitive impairment and dementia from geriatrics research	2012	Journal of the American Geriatrics Society	10.1111/j.1532-5415.2011.03847.x	"Objectives To evaluate exclusion of persons with cognitive impairment from research in geriatrics by determining its frequency, method, and rationale and treatment in the resulting publications. Design All original research articles published in 2008 and 2009 in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society (n = 434) were reviewed using a structured data collection tool. Setting The Journal of the American Geriatrics Society. Participants There were no participants in this study. Measurements Data captured included recruitment method, explicit criterion for exclusion of persons with cognitive impairment, justification of exclusion criterion, reason given for exclusion, percentage of individuals excluded, and mention of exclusion as a possible limitation. Results Of 434 articles examined, 16% used recruitment methods likely to reduce participation by persons with cognitive impairment. At least 29% of studies (n = 127) employed explicit exclusion criteria. Half used the Folstein Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), with variable cut points (10, 12, 17, 18, 23, 26), and 19% excluded individuals for ""having dementia"" without specifying how this was determined. Few (6%) provided any justification for exclusion criteria used, only 43% gave any reason for exclusion, and only 14% discussed exclusion as a possible limitation. Conclusion Persons with cognitive impairment are frequently excluded from research, often without rationale or mention of exclusion as a limitation or any discussion of its potential effect on the evidence base in geriatrics. When necessary, exclusion should be done thoughtfully and with awareness that this may reduce the clinical utility of study findings. © 2012, The American Geriatrics Society."	exclusion criteria; research methodologies
D'Angelo C.A.; Giuffrida C.; Abramo G.	A heuristic approach to author name disambiguation in bibliometrics databases for large-scale research assessments	2011	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.21460	National exercises for the evaluation of research activity by universities are becoming regular practice in ever more countries. These exercises have mainly been conducted through the application of peer-review methods. Bibliometrics has not been able to offer a valid large-scale alternative because of almost overwhelming difficulties in identifying the true author of each publication. We will address this problem by presenting a heuristic approach to author name disambiguation in bibliometric datasets for large-scale research assessments. The application proposed concerns the Italian university system, comprising 80 universities and a research staff of over 60,000 scientists. The key advantage of the proposed approach is the ease of implementation. The algorithms are of practical application and have considerably better scalability and expandability properties than state-of-the-art unsupervised approaches. Moreover, the performance in terms of precision and recall, which can be further improved, seems thoroughly adequate for the typical needs of large-scale bibliometric research assessments. © 2010 ASIS&T.	N/A
Walshe K.	Pseudoinnovation: The development and spread of healthcare quality improvement methodologies	2009	International Journal for Quality in Health Care	10.1093/intqhc/mzp012	Background. Over the last two decades, we have seen the successive rise and fall of a number of concepts, ideas or methods in healthcare quality improvement (QI). Paradoxically, the content of many of these QI methodologies is very similar, though their presentation often seeks to differentiate or distinguish them. Methods. This paper sets out to explore the processes by which new QI methodologies are developed and disseminated and the impact this has on the effectiveness of QI programmes in healthcare organizations. It draws on both a bibliometric analysis of the QI literature over the period from 1988 to 2007 and a review of the literature on the effectiveness of QI programmes and their evaluation. Results. The repeated presentation of an essentially similar set of QI ideas and methods under different names and terminologies is a process of 'pseudoinnovation', which may be driven by both the incentives for QI methodology developers and the demands and expectations of those responsible for QI in healthcare organizations. We argue that this process has important disbenefits because QI programmes need sustained and long-term investment and support in order to bring about significant improvements. The repeated redesign of QI programmes may have damaged or limited their effectiveness in many healthcare organizations. Conclusions. A more sceptical and scientifically rigorous approach to the development, evaluation and dissemination of QI methodologies is needed, in which a combination of theoretical, empirical and experiential evidence is used to guide and plan their uptake. Our expectations of the evidence base for QI methodologies should be on a par with our expectations in relation to other forms of healthcare interventions. © The Author 2009. Published by Oxford University Press in association with the International Society for Quality in Health Care; all rights reserved.	General methodology; Healthcare system; Measurement of quality; Quality management
Li Z.; Ho Y.-S.	Use of citation per publication as an indicator to evaluate contingent valuation research	2008	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-007-1838-1	This is the first article using bibliometrics to study the field of contingent valuation research. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the contingent valuation research performance based on all the related articles in SCI and SSCI databases from 1991 to 2005. An indicator named citation per publication (CPP) was presented in this study to assess the impact of article output per year, different countries, institutes, and authors from the worldwide. Publication per institute (PPI) in a country was used to be an indicator to compare institute's research performance by country. Citation analysis was made to select the most frequently cited articles since publication to 2005 of each year. A citation model was applied to describe the relationship between the cumulative number of citations and article life. The results indicate that with the increase article output per year, the CPP decreased slightly since 1997. The USA produced 55% of all pertinent articles. Institutes from the UK had a higher PPI. The most prolific institutes and authors, and the most frequently cited articles per year were all listed. In addition, a citation model was successfully applied to evaluate performance of each year, and the most frequently cited articles of each year were also compared by the model. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	N/A
Fosso Wamba S.; Bawack R.E.; Guthrie C.; Queiroz M.M.; Carillo K.D.A.	Are we preparing for a good AI society? A bibliometric review and research agenda	2021	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2020.120482	Artificial intelligence (AI) may be one of the most disruptive technologies of the 21st century, with the potential to transform every aspect of society. Preparing for a “good AI society” has become a hot topic, with growing public and scientific interest in the principles, policies, incentives, and ethical frameworks necessary for society to enjoy the benefits of AI while minimizing the risks associated with its use. However, despite the renewed interest in artificial intelligence, little is known of the direction in which AI scholarship is moving and whether the field is evolving towards the goal of building a “good AI society”. Based on a bibliometric analysis of 40147 documents retrieved from the Web of Science database, this study describes the intellectual, social, and conceptual structure of AI research. It provides 136 evidence-based research questions about how AI research can help understand the social changes brought about by AI and prepare for a “good AI society.” The research agenda is organized according to ten social impact domains identified from the literature, including crisis response, economic empowerment, educational challenges, environmental challenges, equality and inclusion, health and hunger, information verification and validation, infrastructure management, public and social sector management, security, and justice. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometrics; Knowledge structure; Social change; Social innovation
Barreto S.M.; Miranda J.J.; Figueroa J.P.; Schmidt M.I.; Munoz S.; Kuri-morales P.P.; Silva J.B., Jr.	Epidemiology in Latin America and the Caribbean: Current situation and challenges	2012	International Journal of Epidemiology	10.1093/ije/dys017	Background: This article analyses the epidemiological research developments in Latin America and the Caribbean (LAC). It integrates the series commissioned by the International Epidemiological Association to all WHO Regions to identify global opportunities to promote the development of epidemiology. Methods: Health situations of the regions were analysed based on published data on selected mortality, morbidity and risk factors. Epidemiological publication output by country was estimated by Medline bibliometrics. Internet and literature searches and data provided by key informants were used to describe perspectives on epidemiological training, research and funding. Findings: Despite important advances in recent decades, LAC remains the world's most unequal region. In 2010, 10% of the LAC's people still lived in conditions of multidimensional poverty, with huge variation among countries. The region has experienced fast and complex epidemiological changes in past decades, combining increasing rates of non-communicable diseases and injuries, and keeping uncontrolled many existing endemic and emerging diseases. Overall, epidemiological publications per year increased from 160 articles between 1961 and 1970 to 2492 between 2001 and 2010. The increase in papers per million inhabitants in the past three decades varied from 57% in Panama to 1339% in Paraguay. Universities are the main epidemiological training providers. There are at least 34 universities and other institutions in the region that offer postgraduate programmes at the master's and doctoral levels in epidemiology or public health. Most LAC countries rely largely on external funding and donors to initiate and sustain long-term research efforts. Despite the limited resources, the critical mass of LAC researchers has produced significant scientific contributions. Future needs: The health research panorama of the region shows enormous regional discrepancies, but great prospects. Improving research and human resources capacity in the region will require establishing research partnerships within and outside the region, between rich and poor countries, promoting collaborations between LAC research institutions and universities to boost postgraduate programmes and aligning research investments and outputs with the current burden of disease. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Epidemiological Association © The Author 2012; all rights reserved.	Epidemiology; Global health; Health inequality; Health status; Latin America and Caribbean
Dias C.S.L.; Rodrigues R.G.; Ferreira J.J.	What's new in the research on agricultural entrepreneurship?	2019	Journal of Rural Studies	10.1016/j.jrurstud.2018.11.003	Despite the mainstream entrepreneurship research had neglected the agricultural sector, this scenario seems to have changed in the last years with the study of new and diverse phenomena in several countries around the world. This study aims to analyse the state-of-the-art on agricultural entrepreneurship through a systematic literature review and applying the co-words bibliometric technique. The articles reviewed were obtained from the Scopus database, covering journals from all subject areas. The results allowed to identify three main approaches: i) Entrepreneurial Skills and Behaviour, ii) Entrepreneurial Strategies, and iii) Community and Entrepreneurial Activity. Based on this classification, the study shows that the Entrepreneurial Skills and Behaviour are examined essentially in developing countries, focusing on the assessment of entrepreneurship programmes, oriented not only to agricultural students in higher education institutes but also to women and young farmers. Entrepreneurial Strategies of farmers are analysed mainly in developed countries, although it can be based in the diversification of agricultural and non-agricultural businesses, innovation or market channels, depending considerably on factors such as country, type of product and size. Finally, the Community and Entrepreneurial Activity focuses essentially on the impacts of food production in communities of developed countries, highlighting the social entrepreneurship initiatives at urban agriculture. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd	Agricultural entrepreneurship; Agriculture; Bibliometrics; Entrepreneurship; Systematic literature review
Yadav D.; Rangabhashiyam S.; Verma P.; Singh P.; Devi P.; Kumar P.; Hussain C.M.; Gaurav G.K.; Kumar K.S.	Environmental and health impacts of contaminants of emerging concerns: Recent treatment challenges and approaches	2021	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2020.129492	In the past few decades, new contaminants of emerging concern (CECs) in the air, water, and soil have gained significant attention due to their adverse impact on human health and the environment. The sources of CECs have been identified in different forms from domestic and industrial activities such as personal care products and pharmaceuticals. It has been established that aqueous medium plays a major role in the dissemination of various contaminants, like drinking water, reservoirs, lakes, rivers and waste with water medium. There remains inadequate technology for the treatment of CECs in the wastewater systems. Though different techniques have advanced for the treatment of CECs, they still pose a severe threat to human health and disturb the ecological balance. In this review, the characteristics, recent technologies, risk assessment and management of CECs have been discussed. The primary aim is to highlight the new innovative and cost-effective technologies for the remediations of CECs in all forms. Biochar is readily and economically available in abundance and an economical adsorbent with 100% adsorptive removal for H2PO4−. The bibliometric analysis also performed to understand the emerging research trends on the treatment techniques, which can help in developing a guiding pathway to modern research in academia and industry. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd	Abatement technology; Contaminants of emerging concern; Cost-effective technology; Disruptive endocrine chemical.
Alvino F.; Di Vaio A.; Hassan R.; Palladino R.	Intellectual capital and sustainable development: a systematic literature review	2021	Journal of Intellectual Capital	10.1108/JIC-11-2019-0259	Purpose: This paper investigates the literary corpus on the role of intellectual capital (IC) for the sustainable and innovative development of organisations. It provides a quantitative overview of the academic literature that constitutes this field. The paper discusses whether IC, through the implementation of knowledge management (KM) processes, can influence the entrepreneurial orientation (EO) towards the creation of sustainable business models (SBMs), which are outlined in the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 2030 agenda and adopted by all United Nations member states in 2015. Design/methodology/approach: Based on a database containing 45 publications in the English language with a publication date from 1990 to 2019 (October), a bibliometric analysis was conducted. Data on publications, journals, authors and citations were collected, re-checked and examined by applying bibliometric measures. Findings: The bibliographic analysis identified that the research published on IC in the perspective of sustainability focusses mainly on the measurement of results, in terms of increased business performance. The results show that the IC is linked to the concept of long-term value. Therefore, the development potential of the IC is linked to the 2030 agenda for sustainable development (SD). These results also provide a framework for the literature on IC and SDGs by highlighting the connection with the EO to develop SBMs. Originality/value: This paper contributes to the literature on IC as a driver for SD. In more detail, it provides a systematic review of the literature on these topics under the umbrella of the SDG perspective. © 2020, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics analysis; Entrepreneurial initiatives (EI); Intellectual capital (IC); New technology (NT); Sustainability development (SD); Sustainable development goals (SDGs); Sustainable performance (SP)
Merigó J.M.; Yang J.-B.	Accounting Research: A Bibliometric Analysis	2017	Australian Accounting Review	10.1111/auar.12109	Bibliometrics is a fundamental field of information science that studies bibliographic material quantitatively. It is very useful for organising available knowledge within a specific scientific discipline. This study presents a bibliometric overview of accounting research using the Web of Science database, identifying the most relevant research in the field classified by papers, authors, journals, institutions and countries. The results show that the most influential journals are: The Journal of Accounting and Economics, Journal of Accounting Research, The Accounting Review and Accounting, Organizations and Society. It also shows that US institutions are the most influential worldwide. However, it is important to note that some very good research in this area, including a small number of papers and citations, may not show up in this study due to the specific characteristics of different subtopics. © 2016 CPA Australia	N/A
Nielsen F.Å.; Balslev D.; Hansen L.K.	Mining the posterior cingulate: Segregation between memory and pain components	2005	NeuroImage	10.1016/j.neuroimage.2005.04.034	We present a general method for automatic meta-analyses in neuroscience and apply it on text data from published functional imaging studies to extract main functions associated with a brain area-the posterior cingulate cortex (PCC). Abstracts from PubMed are downloaded, words extracted and converted to a bag-of-words matrix representation. The combined data are analyzed with hierarchical non-negative matrix factorization. We find that the prominent themes in the PCC corpus are episodic memory retrieval and pain. We further characterize the distribution in PCC of the Talairach coordinates available in some of the articles. This shows a tendency to functional segregation between memory and pain components where memory activations are predominantly in the caudal part and pain in the rostral part of PCC. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Alzheimer's disease; Automatic data processing; Bibliometrics; Brain mapping; Cingulate gyrus; Magnetic resonance imaging; Memory; Meta-analysis; Pain; Positron emission tomography; PubMed
Nsenga Kumwimba M.; Lotti T.; Şenel E.; Li X.; Suanon F.	Anammox-based processes: How far have we come and what work remains? A review by bibliometric analysis	2020	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2019.124627	Nitrogen contamination remains a severe environmental problem and a major threat to sustainable development worldwide. A systematic analysis of the literature indicates that the partial nitritation-anammox (PN/AMX) process is still actively studied as a viable option for energy-efficient and feasible technology for the sustainable treatment of N- rich wastewaters, since its initial discovery in 1990. Notably, the mainstream PN/AMX process application remains the most challenging bottleneck in AMX technology and fascinates the world's attention in AMX studies. This paper discusses the recent trends and developments of PN/AMX research and analyzes the results of recent years of research on the PN/AMX from lab-to full-scale applications. The findings would deeply improve our understanding of the major challenges under mainstream conditions and next-stage research on the PN/AMX process. A great deal of efforts has been made in the process engineering, PN/AMX bacteria populations, predictive modeling, and the full-scale implementations during the past 22 years. A series of new and excellent experimental findings at lab, pilot and full-scale levels including good nitrogen removal performance even under low temperature (15-10 °C) around the world were achieved. To date, pilot- and full-scale PN/AMX have been successfully used to treat different types of industrial sewage, including black wastewater, sludge digester liquids, landfill leachate, monosodium glutamate wastewater, etc. Supplementing the qualitative analysis, this review also provides a quantitative bibliometrics study and evaluates global perspectives on PN/AMX research published during the past 22 years. Finally, general trends in the development of PN/AMX research are summarized with the aim of conveying potential future trajectories. The current review offers a valuable orientation and global overview for scientists, engineers, readers and decision makers presently focusing on PN/AMX processes. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	Anammox based process; Bibliometric analysis; Mainstream; Nitrogen removal; Partial nitritation
Gao Y.; Ge L.; Shi S.; Sun Y.; Liu M.; Wang B.; Shang Y.; Wu J.; Tian J.	Global trends and future prospects of e-waste research: a bibliometric analysis	2019	Environmental Science and Pollution Research	10.1007/s11356-019-05071-8	Electronic waste (e-waste) has been widely studied by scholars all over the world, but the research topics and development trends in this field are still unclear. This study aimed to explore the status quo, hot topics, and future prospects in the field of e-waste. Data of publications were downloaded from the Web of Science Core Collection. We used CiteSpace V, Histcite, and VOSviewer to analyze literature information. A total of 2800 papers in e-waste research were identified, and the number of publications increased rapidly after 2004. Six thousand five hundred seventy-three authors participated in the e-waste research, but 70.01% of the authors published only 1 article. The most productive country in this field was China (1146 publications), and the most productive institution was the Chinese Academy of Sciences (370 publications). The Waste Management (225 publications) was the most productive journal, and Environment Science & Technology (9704 co-citations) was the most co-cited journal. The main hot topics in e-waste field were management and recycling of e-waste in developing countries, health risk assessment after exposure to organic pollutants, degradation and recovery of waste metal materials, and impact of heavy metals on children’s health. The frontier topic was degradation. © 2019, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.	Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; E-waste; Research trend; VOSviewer; Web of Science
Damar M.	Metaverse Shape of Your Life for Future: A bibliometric snapshot	2021	Journal of Metaverse	N/A	The metaverse was first introduced in 1992. Many people saw Metaverse as a new word but the concept of Metaverse is not a new term. However, Zuckerberg’s press release drew all the attention to the Metaverse. This study presents a bibliometric evaluation of metaverse technology, which has been discussed in the literature since the nineties. A field study is carried out especially for the metaverse, which is a new and trendy subject. In this way, descriptive information is presented on journals, institutions, prominent researchers, and countries in the field, as well as extra evaluation on the prominent topics in the field and researchers with heavy citations. In our study, which was carried out by extracting the data of all documents between the years 1990-2021 from the Web of Science database, it was seen that there were few studies in the literature in the historical process for the metaverse, whose popularity has reached its peak in recent months. In addition, it is seen that the subject is handled intensively with virtual reality and augmented reality technologies, and the education sector and digital marketing fields show interest in the field. Metaverse will probably have entered many areas of our lives in the next 15-20 years, shape our lives by taking advantage of the opportunities of developing technology. © 2021, Izmir Academy Association. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; literature minings; literature-based discovery; Metaverse; virtual world
Mead E.L.; Doorenbos A.Z.; Javid S.H.; Haozous E.A.; Alvord L.A.; Flum D.R.; Morris A.M.	Shared decision-making for cancer care among racial and ethnic minorities: A systematic review	2013	American Journal of Public Health	10.2105/AJPH.2013.301631	"To assess decision-making for cancer treatment among racial/ethnic minority patients, we systematically reviewed and synthesized evidence from studies of""shareddecision-making,"" ""cancer,"" and ""minority groups,""usingPubMed,PsycInfo, CINAHL, and EMBASE. We identified significant themes that we compared across studies, refined, and organized into a conceptual model. Five major themes emerged: Treatment decision-making, patient factors, family and important others, community, and provider factors. Thematic data overlapped categories, indicating that individuals' preferences for medical decision-making cannot be authentically examined outside the context of family and community. The shared decision-making model should be expanded beyond the traditional patient-physiciandyad to include other important stakeholders in the cancer treatment decision process, such as family or community leaders."	N/A
Bornmann L.; Leydesdorff L.; Mutz R.	The use of percentiles and percentile rank classes in the analysis of bibliometric data: Opportunities and limits	2013	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2012.10.001	Percentiles have been established in bibliometrics as an important alternative to mean-based indicators for obtaining a normalized citation impact of publications. Percentiles have a number of advantages over standard bibliometric indicators used frequently: for example, their calculation is not based on the arithmetic mean which should not be used for skewed bibliometric data. This study describes the opportunities and limits and the advantages and disadvantages of using percentiles in bibliometrics. We also address problems in the calculation of percentiles and percentile rank classes for which there is not (yet) a satisfactory solution. It will be hard to compare the results of different percentile-based studies with each other unless it is clear that the studies were done with the same choices for percentile calculation and rank assignment. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.	Citation impact; Normalized citation impact; Percentile; Percentile rank class; Reference set
Ertz M.; Leblanc-Proulx S.	Sustainability in the collaborative economy: A bibliometric analysis reveals emerging interest	2018	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2018.06.095	The growing field of the collaborative economy is expanding geometrically and little retrospective work on this evolution has been made so far. A number of literature reviews have been focusing on specific business models of the collaborative economy deemed sustainable such as car-sharing, sharing, peer-to-peer business models, crowdsourcing, access-based consumption, community, or specific platforms (e.g. Uber, Airbnb), and some others with broader areas of focus. This paper presents a thorough bibliometric and network analysis combining both Scopus and Web of Science databases that provides fresh new insights into the evolution of the collaborative economy research field and its increasing coverage of sustainability-related topics. A first step identifies 729 published studies and uses bibliometrics to provide a description of the research field. A second stage involves networks analysis to identify influential authors, impactful publications, as well as established and emergent research clusters. A more thorough content analysis identifies key research topics, the attention granted to sustainability, interrelations, and collaboration patterns in the field. Data mapping techniques graphically depict the evolution of publications over time and identify areas of current research interests and potential directions for future research, namely in sustainability. © 2018 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Collaborative economy; Content analysis; Literature review; Network analysis; Sustainability
Khalsa S.B.S.	Yoga as a therapeutic intervention: A bibliometric analysis of published research studies	2004	Indian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology	N/A	Although yoga is historically a spiritual discipline, it has also been used clinically as a therapeutic intervention. A bibliometric analysis. on the biomedical journal literature involving research on the clinical application of yoga has revealed an increase in publication frequency over the past 3 decades with a substantial and growing use of randomized controlled trials. Types of medical conditions have included psychopathological (e.g. depression, anxiety), cardiovascular (e.g. hypertension, heart disease), respiratory (e.g. asthma), diabetes and a variety of others. A majority of this research has been conducted by Indian investigators and published in Indian journals, particularly yoga specialty journals, although recent trends indicate increasing contributions from investigators in the U.S. and England. Yoga therapy is a relatively novel and emerging clinical discipline within the broad category of mind-body medicine, whose growth is consistent with the burgeoning popularity of yoga in the West and the increasing worldwide use of alternative medicine.	Asana; Bibliometric; Meditation; Mind-body medicine; Pranayama; Review; Yoga
Skute I.; Zalewska-Kurek K.; Hatak I.; de Weerd-Nederhof P.	Mapping the field: a bibliometric analysis of the literature on university–industry collaborations	2019	Journal of Technology Transfer	10.1007/s10961-017-9637-1	The substantial acknowledgement of university–industry (U–I) collaborations as promotor of economic progress, innovativeness and competitiveness fostered a continuous research engagement. At the same time, the U–I literature experienced a notable increase in the past decade, transforming into a multi-faceted and ambiguous research field, characterised by highly complex interlinks. The recent transformation hinders a comprehensive understanding of the latest developments in research directions and their clear delineation. Therefore, the purpose of this bibliometric literature review is to examine the evolution of the field and identify the primary emerging patterns. This paper employs co-citation analysis and bibliographic coupling techniques to analyse the U–I publications dataset. The findings indicate that the U–I collaborations research can be systematically clustered, resulting in an interconnected ecosystem consisting of three levels: individual, organisational and institutional, respectively. Thus, this review presents the immense contribution that the analysis of U–I collaborations makes to various research streams. Building on these findings and employing qualitative content analysis on the clustered publications, the paper develops a research agenda that encourages future investigations of previously overlooked features of U–I collaborations in general, and their role across levels of analysis, contexts and stages of the collaboration process in particular. © 2017, The Author(s).	Academic entrepreneurship; Bibliographic coupling; Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Knowledge transfer; Technology transfer; University–industry
Bland J.M.	Cluster randomised trials in the medical literature: Two bibliometric surveys	2004	BMC Medical Research Methodology	10.1186/1471-2288-4-21	Background: Several reviews of published cluster randomised trials have reported that about half did not take clustering into account in the analysis, which was thus incorrect and potentially misleading. In this paper I ask whether cluster randomised trials are increasing in both number and quality of reporting. Methods: Computer search for papers on cluster randomised trials since 1980, hand search of trial reports published in selected volumes of the British Medical Journal over 20 years. Results: There has been a large increase in the numbers of methodological papers and of trial reports using the term 'cluster random' in recent years, with about equal numbers of each type of paper. The British Medical Journal contained more such reports than any other journal. In this journal there was a corresponding increase over time in the number of trials where subjects were randomised in clusters. In 2003 all reports showed awareness of the need to allow for clustering in the analysis. In 1993 and before clustering was ignored in most such trials. Conclusion: Cluster trials are becoming more frequent and reporting is of higher quality. Perhaps statistician pressure works.	N/A
Glänzel W.; Debackere K.; Thijs B.; Schubert A.	A concise review on the role of author self-citations in information science, bibliometrics and science policy	2006	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-006-0098-9	The objective of the present study is twofold: (1) to show the aims and means of quantitative interpretation of bibliographic features in bibliometrics and their re-interpretation in research policy, and (2) to summarise the state-of-art in self-citation research. The authors describe three approaches to the role of author self-citations and possible conflicts arising from the different perspectives. From the bibliometric viewpoint we can conclude that that there is no reason for condemning self-citations in general or for removing them from macro or meso statistics; supplementary indicators based on self-citations are, nonetheless, useful to understand communication patterns. Copyright © 2006 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest. All rights reserved.	N/A
Ortega J.L.	Relationship between altmetric and bibliometric indicators across academic social sites: The case of CSIC's members	2015	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2014.11.004	This study explores the connections between social and usage metrics (altmetrics) and bibliometric indicators at the author level. It studies to what extent these indicators, gained from academic sites, can provide a proxy for research impact. Close to 10,000 author profiles belonging to the Spanish National Research Council were extracted from the principal scholarly social sites: ResearchGate, Academia.edu and Mendeley and academic search engines: Microsoft Academic Search and Google Scholar Citations. Results describe little overlapping between sites because most of the researchers only manage one profile (72%). Correlations point out that there is scant relationship between altmetric and bibliometric indicators at author level. This is due to the almetric ones are site-dependent, while the bibliometric ones are more stable across web sites. It is concluded that altmetrics could reflect an alternative dimension of the research performance, close, perhaps, to science popularization and networking abilities, but far from citation impact. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Academic search engines; Academic social network sites; Altmetrics; Bibliometrics; CSIC
Zhi W.; Ji G.	Constructed wetlands, 1991-2011: A review of research development, current trends, and future directions	2012	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2012.09.064	"This study explores a bibliometric approach to quantitatively evaluate global scientific constructed wetlands research, and statistically assess current trends, and future directions using the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) database from 1991 to 2011. Articles referencing constructed wetlands were analyzed by accessing the following: publication language, output characteristics, publication performance by country and institution, author keywords, title words, and KeyWords Plus. Synthetically analyzing three keyword types, we concluded that the dominant constructed wetlands research hotspots from 1991 to 2011 included water, nutrients, plants, and flow. These four hotspots remained the most dominant research areas throughout our study period, and are predicted to remain the top research emphases in the near future. ""Soil"" also exhibited a notable increase since 2005, and is likely to become another notable area of research interest in the future. ""Phytoremediation"" and ""horizontal"" were not identified in 1991-1995, but exhibited marked increases from 136th (0.5%) and 169th (0.7%) in 1996-2000, to 9th (3.8%) and 11th (4.3%) in 2006-2011, respectively. Therefore, given the heightened attention during the last 15. years, these topics are likely to become a primary research focus in upcoming years. © 2012 Elsevier B.V."	Bibliometric; Constructed wetland; Current trend; Future direction; Research development
Ho Y.-S.; Satoh H.; Lin S.-Y.	Japanese lung cancer research trends and performance in science citation index	2010	Internal Medicine	10.2169/internalmedicine.49.3687	Objective This study was undertaken to explore a bibliometric approach to quantitatively assess current research trends in lung cancer in Japan, using the related literature in the Science Citation Index (SCI) database from 1991 to 2008. Materials and Methods Articles were analyzed by the scientific output and research performances of individuals, institutes, and collaborative countries with Japan. Distribution of words in the article title, author keywords, and KeyWords Plus in different periods was applied to evaluate research trends by the frequency of keywords used. Results Keyword analysis indicated that there has been a strategy to connect molecular biology with clinical practice. Researchers in Japan have published high impact articles related to non-small cell and small cell lung cancer. Conclusion Finally, this study highlights the topics in lung cancer research that are becoming popular in Japan. © 2010 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.	Japan; Lung cancer; Scientometrics; Web of science
Leung P.T.M.; Macdonald E.M.; Stanbrook M.B.; Dhalla I.A.; Juurlink D.N.	A 1980 letter on the risk of opioid addiction	2017	New England Journal of Medicine	10.1056/NEJMc1700150	[No abstract available]	N/A
Larivière V.; Sugimoto C.R.; Cronin B.	A bibliometric chronicling of library and information science's first hundred years	2012	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22645	This paper presents a condensed history of Library and Information Science (LIS) over the course of more than a century using a variety of bibliometric measures. It examines in detail the variable rate of knowledge production in the field, shifts in subject coverage, the dominance of particular publication genres at different times, prevailing modes of production, interactions with other disciplines, and, more generally, observes how the field has evolved. It shows that, despite a striking growth in the number of journals, papers, and contributing authors, a decrease was observed in the field's market-share of all social science and humanities research. Collaborative authorship is now the norm, a pattern seen across the social sciences. The idea of boundary crossing was also examined: in 2010, nearly 60% of authors who published in LIS also published in another discipline. This high degree of permeability in LIS was also demonstrated through reference and citation practices: LIS scholars now cite and receive citations from other fields more than from LIS itself. Two major structural shifts are revealed in the data: in 1960, LIS changed from a professional field focused on librarianship to an academic field focused on information and use; and in 1990, LIS began to receive a growing number of citations from outside the field, notably from Computer Science and Management, and saw a dramatic increase in the number of authors contributing to the literature of the field. © 2012 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; information science history
Coombes P.H.; Nicholson J.D.	Business models and their relationship with marketing: A systematic literature review	2013	Industrial Marketing Management	10.1016/j.indmarman.2013.05.005	The purpose of this paper is to identify the degree to which the marketing discipline has hitherto engaged with business model literature. The results of a systematic review of business model literature are presented and utilise both the citation counts and the h-index to objectively demonstrate the limited engagement that the marketing discipline has had with business model literature, and the limited degree that the discipline has influenced that literature. The key findings reveal a growing, but formative body of literature that, hitherto, has been dominated by non-marketing disciplines and which has only just begun to be addressed by present day marketing scholars. Using the most influential articles identified in the analysis, the paper concludes with a case for the empirical development of the business model concept with industrial marketing scholarship. Such development is argued to be grounded in the potential of open business models, co-created with multiple stakeholders in a supply chain and the end users of a value proposition. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Business models; Citation analysis; Industrial marketing; Value co-creation
Haustein S.; Larivière V.	The use of bibliometrics for assessing research: Possibilities, limitations and adverse effects	2015	Incentives and Performance: Governance of Research Organizations	10.1007/978-3-319-09785-5_8	Researchers are used to being evaluated: publications, hiring, tenure and funding decisions are all based on the evaluation of research. Traditionally, this evaluation relied on judgement of peers but, in the light of limited resources and increased bureaucratization of science, peer review is getting more and more replaced or complemented with bibliometric methods. Central to the introduction of bibliometrics in research evaluation was the creation of the Science Citation Index (SCI) in the 1960s, a citation database initially developed for the retrieval of scientific information. Embedded in this database was the Impact Factor, first used as a tool for the selection of journals to cover in the SCI, which then became a synonym for journal quality and academic prestige. Over the last 10 years, this indicator became powerful enough to influence researchers’ publication patterns in so far as it became one of the most important criteria to select a publication venue. Regardless of its many flaws as a journal metric and its inadequacy as a predictor of citations on the paper level, it became the go-to indicator of research quality and was used and misused by authors, editors, publishers and research policy makers alike. The h-index, introduced as an indicator of both output and impact combined in one simple number, has experienced a similar fate, mainly due to simplicity and availability. Despite their massive use, these measures are too simple to capture the complexity and multiple dimensions of research output and impact. This chapter provides an overview of bibliometric methods, from the development of citation indexing as a tool for information retrieval to its application in research evaluation, and discusses their misuse and effects on researchers’ scholarly communication behavior. © 2015, Springer International Publishing Switzerland. All rights reserved.	N/A
Weeks W.B.; Wallace A.E.; Kimberly B.C.S.	Changes in authorship patterns in prestigious US medical journals	2004	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/j.socscimed.2004.02.029	To improve identification of contributors to manuscripts, editors of medical journals have developed authorship responsibility criteria. Some have specified an acceptable number of authors per manuscript. We wanted to examine changes in patterns of authorship in the context of the development of these specifications. Therefore, we used a retrospective cohort design to calculate the average number of authors per manuscript and the prevalence of group and corporate authorship between 1980 and 2000 for original, scientific, non-serial articles published in four prestigious medical journals: the Annals of Internal Medicine, Archives of Internal Medicine, Journal of the American Medical Association, and the New England Journal of Medicine. Group authorship identifies individual authors in the byline who are writing for a group; in corporate authorship, contributors are not individually listed in the byline. We found that the number of authors per article increased dramatically over time in each journal, from an average of 4.5 in 1980 to 6.9 in 2000 across journals. As a proportion of published manuscripts, group authorship (authors listed in the byline) increased from virtually zero to over 15%, while corporate authorship (authors not listed in the byline) remained rare and stagnant. Manuscripts published by single authors all but vanished. Group authorship was most prevalent in journals that limited the acceptable number of authors per manuscript. These findings suggest that the number of authors per manuscript continues to grow. The growth in the number of authors on bylines and the proportion of group-authored manuscripts is likely to reflect the increasing complexity of medical research. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Academic medicine; Publications
Luc J.G.Y.; Archer M.A.; Arora R.C.; Bender E.M.; Blitz A.; Cooke D.T.; Hlci T.N.; Kidane B.; Ouzounian M.; Varghese T.K., Jr.; Antonoff M.B.	Does Tweeting Improve Citations? One-Year Results From the TSSMN Prospective Randomized Trial	2021	Annals of Thoracic Surgery	10.1016/j.athoracsur.2020.04.065	Background: The Thoracic Surgery Social Media Network (TSSMN) is a collaborative effort of leading journals in cardiothoracic surgery to highlight publications via social media. This study aims to evaluate the 1-year results of a prospective randomized social media trial to determine the effect of tweeting on subsequent citations and nontraditional bibliometrics. Methods: A total of 112 representative original articles were randomized 1:1 to be tweeted via TSSMN or a control (non-tweeted) group. Measured endpoints included citations at 1 year compared with baseline, as well as article-level metrics (Altmetric score) and Twitter analytics. Independent predictors of citations were identified through univariable and multivariable regression analyses. Results: When compared with control articles, tweeted articles achieved significantly greater increase in Altmetric scores (Tweeted 9.4 ± 5.8 vs Non-tweeted 1.0 ± 1.8, P < .001), Altmetric score percentiles relative to articles of similar age from each respective journal (Tweeted 76.0 ± 9.1 percentile vs Non-tweeted 13.8 ± 22.7 percentile, P < .001), with greater change in citations at 1 year (Tweeted +3.1 ± 2.4 vs Non-Tweeted +0.7 ± 1.3, P < .001). Multivariable analysis showed that independent predictors of citations were randomization to tweeting (odds ratio [OR] 9.50; 95% confidence interval [CI] 3.30-27.35, P < .001), Altmetric score (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.15-1.50, P < .001), open-access status (OR 1.56; 95% CI 1.21-1.78, P < .001), and exposure to a larger number of Twitter followers as quantified by impressions (OR 1.30, 95% CI 1.10-1.49, P < .001). Conclusions: One-year follow-up of this TSSMN prospective randomized trial importantly demonstrates that tweeting results in significantly more article citations over time, highlighting the durable scholarly impact of social media activity. © 2021 The Society of Thoracic Surgeons	N/A
Abu-Jbara A.; Ezra J.; Radev D.	Purpose and polarity of citation: Towards NLP-based bibliometrics	2013	NAACL HLT 2013 - 2013 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies, Proceedings of the Main Conference	N/A	"Bibliometric measures are commonly used to estimate the popularity and the impact of published research. Existing bibliometric measures provide ""quantitative"" indicators of how good a published paper is. This does not necessarily reflect the ""quality"" of the work presented in the paper. For example, when hindex is computed for a researcher, all incoming citations are treated equally, ignoring the fact that some of these citations might be negative. In this paper, we propose using NLP to add a ""qualitative"" aspect to biblometrics. We analyze the text that accompanies citations in scientific articles (which we term citation context). We propose supervised methods for identifying citation text and analyzing it to determine the purpose (i.e. author intention) and the polarity (i.e. author sentiment) of citation. © 2013 Association for Computational Linguistics."	N/A
Briand J.-F.	Marine antifouling laboratory bioassays: An overview of their diversity	2009	Biofouling	10.1080/08927010902745316	In aquatic environments, biofouling is a natural process of colonization of submerged surfaces, either living or artificial, involving a wide range of organisms from bacteria to invertebrates. Antifouling can be defined as preventing the attachment of organisms onto surfaces. This article reviews the laboratory bioassays that have been developed for studying the control of algae and invertebrates by epibiosis (chemical ecology) and the screening of new active compounds (natural products and biocides) to inhibit settlement or adhesion, ie fouling-release coatings. The assays utilize a range of organisms (mainly marine bacteria, diatoms, algae, barnacles). The main attributes of assays for micro- and macroorganisms are described in terms of their main characteristics and depending on the biological process assessed (growth, adhesion, toxicity, behavior). The validation of bioassays is also discussed. © 2009 Taylor & Francis.	Algae; Barnacle; Biofilm; Biofouling; Chemical cue; Diatom; Larvae; Settlement
Vogel R.; Masal D.	Public Leadership: A review of the literature and framework for future research	2015	Public Management Review	10.1080/14719037.2014.895031	Abstract: This study analyses and reviews the literature on public leadership with a novel combination of bibliometric methods. We detect four generic approaches to public leadership (i.e. a functionalist, a behavioural, a biographical and a reformist approach) which differ with regard to their philosophy of science (i.e. objective vs subjective) and level of analysis (i.e. micro-level vs multi-level). From our findings, we derive four directions for future research which involve shifting the focus from the aspect of ‘leadership’ to the element of ‘public’, from simplicity to complexity, from universalism to cultural relativism and from public leadership to public followership. © 2014 Taylor & Francis.	bibliometrics; followership; Leadership; network analysis; publicness
Liu Z.; Xu J.; Liu M.; Yin Z.; Liu X.; Yin L.; Zheng W.	Remote sensing and geostatistics in urban water-resource monitoring: A review	2023	Marine and Freshwater Research	10.1071/MF22167	Context: At present, many cities are facing severe water-resources problems caused by urbanisation. With the development of remote sensing and geostatistics, they have been widely used in urban water-resource monitoring. Aims: To review and summarise the application of remote sensing and geostatistics in monitoring urban water resources and prospect for their furtherdevelopment. Methods: First, bibliometrics was used to analyse the existing literature in this field. We then discuss the use of remote sensing and geostatistics to improve urban water-resources monitoring capacity, focusing on the classification of technologies and equipment and their applications in urban surface-water and urban groundwater monitoring. Finally, a look at the future research direction is taken. Conclusions: In the past decade, the relevant research has shown an upward trend. The use of remote sensing and geostatistics can improve the city's water-resource monitoring capacity, thereby promoting better use of water resources in cities. Implications: In the future, with the development and addition of deep learning, remote-sensing and geographic-analysis systems can be used to conduct remote-sensing monitoring and data analysis on urban water resources more accurately, intelligently, and quickly, and improve the status of urban water resources.  © 2023 CSIRO. All rights reserved.	catchment management; conservation; ecohydrology; environmental monitoring; geostatistics; GI; monitoring; remote sensing; urban water resource
Kazeminia M.; Abdi A.; Shohaimi S.; Jalali R.; Vaisi-Raygani A.; Salari N.; Mohammadi M.	Dental caries in primary and permanent teeth in children's worldwide, 1995 to 2019: A systematic review and meta-analysis	2020	Head and Face Medicine	10.1186/s13005-020-00237-z	Background: Early childhood caries (ECC) is a type of dental caries in the teeth of infants and children that is represented as one of the most prevalent dental problems in this period. Various studies have reported different types of prevalence of dental caries in primary and permanent teeth in children worldwide. However, there has been no comprehensive study to summarize the results of these studies in general, so this study aimed to determine the prevalence of dental caries in primary and permanent teeth in children in different continents of the world during a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: In this review study, articles were extracted by searching in the national and international databases of SID, MagIran, IranMedex, IranDoc, Cochrane, Embase, ScienceDirect, Scopus, PubMed, and Web of Science (ISI) between 1995 and December 2019. Random effects model was used for analysis and heterogeneity of studies was evaluated by using the I2 index. Data were analyzed by using the Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (Version 2) software. Findings: In this study, a total of 164 articles (81 articles on the prevalence of dental caries in primary teeth and 83 articles on the prevalence of dental caries in permanent teeth) were entered the meta-analysis. The prevalence of dental caries in primary teeth in children in the world with a sample size of 80,405 was 46.2% (95% CI: 41.6-50.8%), and the prevalence of dental caries in permanent teeth in children in the world with a sample size of 1,454,871 was 53.8% (95% CI: 50-57.5%). Regarding the heterogeneity on the basis of meta-regression analysis, there was a significant difference in the prevalence of dental caries in primary and permanent teeth in children in different continents of the world. With increasing the sample size and the year of study, dental caries in primary teeth increased and in permanent teeth decreased. Conclusion: The results of this study showed that the prevalence of primary and permanent dental caries in children in the world was found to be high. Therefore, appropriate strategies should be implemented to improve the aforementioned situation and to troubleshoot and monitor at all levels by providing feedback to hospitals.  © 2020 The Author(s).	Caries; Meta-analysis; Prevalence; Primary and permanent; Tooth
Ma D.; Yang B.; Guan B.; Song L.; Liu Q.; Fan Y.; Zhao L.; Wang T.; Zhang Z.; Gao Z.; Li S.; Xu H.	A Bibliometric Analysis of Pyroptosis From 2001 to 2021	2021	Frontiers in Immunology	10.3389/fimmu.2021.731933	Background: Pyroptosis is a new programmed cell death discovered in recent years. Pyroptosis plays an important role in various diseases. Nevertheless, there are few bibliometric analysis systematically studies this field. We aimed to visualize the research hotspots and trends of pyroptosis using a bibliometric analysis to help understand the future development of basic and clinical research. Methods: The articles and reviews regarding pyroptosis were culled from Web of Science Core Collection. Countries, institutions, authors, references and keywords in this field were visually analyzed by using CtieSpace and VOSviewer software. Results: A total of 2845 articles and reviews were included. The number of articles regarding pyroptosis significantly increased yearly. These publications mainly come from 70 countries led by China and the USA and 418 institutions. We identified 605 authors, among which Thirumaladevi Kanneganti had the most significant number of articles, and Shi JJ was co-cited most often. Frontiers in immunology was the journal with the most studies, and Nature was the most commonly cited journal. After analysis, the most common keywords are nod like receptor family pyrin domain containing 3 inflammasome, apoptosis, cell death, gasdermin D, mechanism, caspase-1, and others are current and developing areas of study. Conclusion: Research on the pyroptosis is flourishing. Cooperation and exchanges between countries and institutions must be strengthened in the future. The related pathway mechanism of pyroptosis, the relationship between pyroptosis and other types of programmed cell deaths as well as the role of pyroptosis in various diseases have been the focus of current research and developmental trends in the future research. © Copyright © 2021 Ma, Yang, Guan, Song, Liu, Fan, Zhao, Wang, Zhang, Gao, Li and Xu.	caspase; CiteSpace; GSDMD; NLRP3; programmed cell death; pyroptosis; VOSviewer
Weale A.R.; Bailey M.; Lear P.A.	The level of non-citation of articles within a journal as a measure of quality: A comparison to the impact factor	2004	BMC Medical Research Methodology	10.1186/1471-2288-4-14	Background: Current methods of measuring the quality of journals assume that citations of articles within journals are normally distributed. Furthermore using journal impact factors to measure the quality of individual articles is flawed if citations are not uniformly spread between articles. The aim of this study was to assess the distribution of citations to articles and use the level of non-citation of articles within a journal as a measure of quality. This ranking method is compared with the impact factor, as calculated by ISI®. Methods: Total citations gained by October 2003, for every original article and review published in current immunology (13125 articles; 105 journals) and surgical (17083 articles; 120 journals) fields during 2001 were collected using ISI® Web of Science. Results: The distribution of citation of articles within an individual journal is mainly non-parametric throughout the literature. One sixth (16.7%; IQR 13.6-19.2) of articles in a journal accrue half the total number of citations to that journal. There was a broader distribution of citation to articles in higher impact journals and in the field of immunology compared to surgery. 23.7% (IQR 14.6-42.4) of articles had not yet been cited. Levels of non-citation varied between journals and subject fields. There was a significant negative correlation between the proportion of articles never cited and a journal's impact factor for both immunology (rho = -0.854) and surgery journals (rho = -0.924). Conclusion: Ranking journals by impact factor and non-citation produces similar results. Using a non-citation rate is advantageous as it creates a clear distinction between how citation analysis is used to determine the quality of a journal (low level of non-citation) and an individual article (citation counting). Non-citation levels should therefore be made available for all journals.	N/A
Adunlin G.; Diaby V.; Xiao H.	Application of multicriteria decision analysis in health care: A systematic review and bibliometric analysis	2015	Health Expectations	10.1111/hex.12287	Background: The use of Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) in health care has become common. However, the literature lacks systematic review trend analysis on the application of MCDA in health care. Aim: To systematically identify applications of MCDA to the areas of health care, and to report on publication trends. Methods: English language studies published from January 1, 1980 until October 1, 2013 were included. Electronic databases searches were supplemented by searching conference proceedings and relevant journals. Studies considered for inclusion were those using MCDA techniques within the areas of health care, and involving the participation of decision makers. A bibliometric analysis was undertaken to present the publication trends. Results: A total of 66 citations met the inclusion criteria. An increase in publication trend occurred in the years 1990, 1997, 1999, 2005, 2008, and 2012. For the remaining years, the publication trend was either steady or declining. The trend shows that the number of publications reached its highest peak in 2012 (n = 9). Medical Decision Making was the dominant with the highest number published papers (n = 7). The majority of the studies were conducted in the US (n = 29). Medical Decision Making journal published the highest number of articles (n = 7). Analytic Hierarchy Process (n = 33) was the most used MCDA technique. Cancer was the most researched disease topic (n = 12). The most covered area of application was diagnosis and treatment (n = 26). Conclusion: The review shows that MCDA has been applied to a broad range of areas in the health care, with the use of a variety of methodological approaches. Further research is needed to develop practice guidelines for the appropriate application and reporting of MCDA methods. © 2015 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	Analytic hierarchy process; Bibliometric analysis; Decision making; Health care; Multi-criteria decision analysis; Systematic review
Piwowar H.A.	Who shares? Who doesn't? Factors associated with openly archiving raw research data	2011	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0018657	Many initiatives encourage investigators to share their raw datasets in hopes of increasing research efficiency and quality. Despite these investments of time and money, we do not have a firm grasp of who openly shares raw research data, who doesn't, and which initiatives are correlated with high rates of data sharing. In this analysis I use bibliometric methods to identify patterns in the frequency with which investigators openly archive their raw gene expression microarray datasets after study publication. Automated methods identified 11,603 articles published between 2000 and 2009 that describe the creation of gene expression microarray data. Associated datasets in best-practice repositories were found for 25% of these articles, increasing from less than 5% in 2001 to 30%-35% in 2007-2009. Accounting for sensitivity of the automated methods, approximately 45% of recent gene expression studies made their data publicly available. First-order factor analysis on 124 diverse bibliometric attributes of the data creation articles revealed 15 factors describing authorship, funding, institution, publication, and domain environments. In multivariate regression, authors were most likely to share data if they had prior experience sharing or reusing data, if their study was published in an open access journal or a journal with a relatively strong data sharing policy, or if the study was funded by a large number of NIH grants. Authors of studies on cancer and human subjects were least likely to make their datasets available. These results suggest research data sharing levels are still low and increasing only slowly, and data is least available in areas where it could make the biggest impact. Let's learn from those with high rates of sharing to embrace the full potential of our research output. © 2011 Healther A. Piwowar.	N/A
Meyer M.	Are patenting scientists the better scholars?. An exploratory comparison of inventor-authors with their non-inventing peers in nano-science and technology	2006	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2006.09.013	This paper explores the relationship between scientific publication and patenting activity. More specifically, it examines for the field of nano-science and nano-technology whether researchers who both publish and patent are more productive and more highly cited than their peers who concentrate on scholarly publication in communicating their research results. This study is based on an analysis of the nano-science publications and nano-technology patents of a small set of European countries. While only a very few nano-scientists appear to hold patents in nano-technology, many nano-inventors seem to be actively publishing nano-science research. Overall, the patenting scientists appear to outperform their solely publishing (non-inventing) peers in terms of publication counts and citation frequency. However, a closer examination of the highly active and highly cited nano-authors points to a slightly different situation. While still over-represented among the highly cited authors, inventor-authors appear not to be among the most highly cited authors in that category, with a single notable exception. One policy implication is that, generally speaking, patenting activity does not appear to have an adverse impact on the publication and citation performance of researchers. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Patent-publication trade-off; Science-technology linkage; Star scientists
Yu Q.; Hu X.; Yang B.; Zhang G.; Wang J.; Ling W.	Distribution, abundance and risks of microplastics in the environment	2020	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2020.126059	Microplastics (plastic particles < 5 mm) have received increasing attention in recent years due to their wide distribution in the environment. A bibliometric analysis was carried out using Web of Science, with significant contributions being observed by English and French research institutions in the microplastic field. Analysis of keywords revealed that the research hotspots were distribution, abundance, and risks of microplastics in the environment. Microplastics have been detected in water bodies and sediments of seven continents and four oceans. However, meaningful comparisons among studies are difficult due to the inconsistencies in sampling methods and concentration units. Moreover, studies have shown that the chemical composition of microplastics, as well as the pollutants adsorbed onto them, can have negative impacts on marine organisms. It remains unclear whether and how the consumption of aquatic products contaminated with microplastics affect human health. Therefore, it is advised that future research should focus on the transfer, accumulation, and effects of microplastics in the food chain. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd	Abundance; Bibliometric analysis; Distribution; Microplastics; Risks
Pournader M.; Ghaderi H.; Hassanzadegan A.; Fahimnia B.	Artificial intelligence applications in supply chain management	2021	International Journal of Production Economics	10.1016/j.ijpe.2021.108250	This paper presents a systematic review of studies related to artificial intelligence (AI) applications in supply chain management (SCM). Our systematic search of the related literature identifies 150 journal articles published between 1998 and 2020. A thorough bibliometric analysis is completed to develop the past and present state of this literature. A co-citation analysis on this pool of articles provides an understanding of the clusters of knowledge that constitute this research area. To further direct our discussions, we develop and validate an AI taxonomy which we use as a scale to conduct our bibliometric and co-citation analyses. The proposed taxonomy consists of three research categories of (a) sensing and interacting, (b) learning, and (c) decision making. These categories collectively establish the basis for present and future research on the application of AI methods in SCM literature and practice. Our analysis of the primary research clusters finds that learning methods are slowly getting momentum and sensing and interacting methods offer an emerging area of research. Finally, we provide a roadmap into future studies on AI applications in SCM. Our analysis underpins the importance of behavioral considerations in future studies. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.	N/A
López Piñero J.M.; Terrada M.L.	Bibliometric indicators and the evaluation of medical scientific activity. (III). The indicators of information production, circulation and dispersion, consumption and the repercussions; [Los indicadores bibliométricos y la evaluación de la actividad médico-científica. (III). Los indicadores de producción, circulación y dispersión, consumo de la información y repercusión.]	1992	Medicina clínica	N/A	[No abstract available]	N/A
Xia H.; Liu Z.; Efremochkina M.; Liu X.; Lin C.	Study on city digital twin technologies for sustainable smart city design: A review and bibliometric analysis of geographic information system and building information modeling integration	2022	Sustainable Cities and Society	10.1016/j.scs.2022.104009	Geographic information system (GIS) data provide geospatial data on cities and spatial analysis functions that are essential for urban design. Building information modeling (BIM) includes a digital entity of construction, a passive presentation of micro-digital information on real entities, and an active application of models in the entire life cycle realization of the architecture, engineering, and construction industries. A combination of these technologies could provide a core technology for the urban digital twin to support sustainable smart city design. Through an insightful literature review, this paper summarizes the different disciplinary classifications of GIS and BIM functional integration, distills the value of data, and discusses the ontology-based data integration approach that GIS and BIM should take in the future to conduct research on integration applications in smart cities. To verify this view, keyword analysis, co-country analysis, and co-citation and coupling analyses are conducted using CiteSpace. GIS and BIM integration has attracted much attention. However, a professional disconnect and fragmented composition pose challenges in the field of GIS and BIM integration. Future research should focus on smart city planning, updating, management; ontology-based GIS and BIM data integration platform; and operation; and the collaborative management of urban rail transportation engineering. © 2022	BIM; Data value extension; Digital twins; GIS; Smart city; Sustainable city design; Urban rail transit
Sweileh W.M.; Wickramage K.; Pottie K.; Hui C.; Roberts B.; Sawalha A.F.; Zyoud S.H.	Bibliometric analysis of global migration health research in peer-reviewed literature (2000-2016)	2018	BMC Public Health	10.1186/s12889-018-5689-x	Background: The health of migrants has become an important issue in global health and foreign policy. Assessing the current status of research activity and identifying gaps in global migration health (GMH) is an important step in mapping the evidence-base and on advocating health needs of migrants and mobile populations. The aim of this study was to analyze globally published peer-reviewed literature in GMH. Methods: A bibliometric analysis methodology was used. The Scopus database was used to retrieve documents in peer-reviewed journals in GMH for the study period from 2000 to 2016. A group of experts in GMH developed the needed keywords and validated the final search strategy. Results: The number of retrieved documents was 21,457. Approximately one third (6878; 32.1%) of the retrieved documents were published in the last three years of the study period. In total, 5451 (25.4%) documents were about refugees and asylum seekers, while 1328 (6.2%) were about migrant workers, 440 (2.1%) were about international students, 679 (3.2%) were about victims of human trafficking/smuggling, 26 (0.1%) were about patients' mobility across international borders, and the remaining documents were about unspecified categories of migrants. The majority of the retrieved documents (10,086; 47.0%) were in psychosocial and mental health domain, while 2945 (13.7%) documents were in infectious diseases, 6819 (31.8%) documents were in health policy and systems, 2759 (12.8%) documents were in maternal and reproductive health, and 1918 (8.9%) were in non-communicable diseases. The contribution of authors and institutions in Asian countries, Latin America, Africa, Middle East, and Eastern European countries was low. Literature in GMH represents the perspectives of high-income migrant destination countries. Conclusion: Our heat map of research output shows that despite the ever-growing prominence of human mobility across the globe, and Sustainable Development Goals of leaving no one behind, research output on migrants' health is not consistent with the global migration pattern. A stronger evidence base is needed to enable authorities to make evidence-informed decisions on migration health policy and practice. Research collaboration and networks should be encouraged to prioritize research in GMH. © 2018 The Author(s).	Bibliometric analysis; Global migration health; SciVerse Scopus
Bartol T.; Budimir G.; Dekleva-Smrekar D.; Pusnik M.; Juznic P.	Assessment of research fields in Scopus and Web of Science in the view of national research evaluation in Slovenia	2014	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-013-1148-8	Web of Science (wos) and scopus have often been compared with regard to user interface, countries, institutions, author sets, etc., but rarely employing a more systematic assessment of major research fields and national production. The aim of this study was to appraise the differences among major research fields in scopus and wos based on a standardized classification of fields and assessed for the case of an entire country (Slovenia). We analyzed all documents and citations received by authors who were actively engaged in research in Slovenia between 1996 and 2011 (50,000 unique documents by 10,000 researchers). Documents were tracked and linked to scopus and wos using complex algorithms in the Slovenian cobiss bibliographic system and sicris research system where the subject areas or research fields of all documents are harmonized by the Frascati/oecd classification, thus offsetting some major differences between wos and scopus in database-specific subject schemes as well as limitations of deriving data directly from databases. scopus leads over wos in indexed documents as well as citations in all research fields. This is especially evident in social sciences, humanities, and engineering & technology. The least citations per document were received in humanities and most citations in medical and natural sciences, which exhibit similar counts. Engineering & technology reveals only half the citations per document compared to the previous two fields. Agriculture is found in the middle. The established differences between databases and research fields provide the Slovenian research funding agency with additional criteria for a more balanced evaluation of research. © 2013 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Research evaluation; Research fields; Research information systems; Research performance; Slovenia
Mao G.; Zou H.; Chen G.; Du H.; Zuo J.	Past, current and future of biomass energy research: A bibliometric analysis	2015	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2015.07.141	This paper characterizes the body of knowledge on biomass energy from 1998 to 2013 by employing bibliometric techniques based on the Science Citation Index (SCI) databases of the Web of Science. Results showed that journal articles were the most frequently used document type representing 84.1% of the records. 33,072 articles were analyzed on various aspects of the publication characteristics such as authorship, countries, institutions, high-cited papers, and keywords. The pace of publishing in this field increased rapidly over last 16 years, with the US accounting for the highest h-index (137) and the most publications (8228), followed by China and India. The US also plays a central role in the collaboration network among the most productive countries. The Chinese Academy of Science was the organization with the most records (639). Similarly, the University of Illinois is central to the collaboration network. The hot spots of biomass energy related researches were transiting from physical conversion (6511 articles) to thermal chemical conversion (10,989) and biochemical (10,877).The bioenergy application (18,607) has become a main focus of current researches related to biomass energy. This topic mainly addresses biodiesel, biogas, biohydrogen, biofuel cell and so on. By identifying global hotspots in biomass energy research, this study is beneficial for researchers, e.g. the selection of future research topics. Similarly, policy makers will learn from the findings of this analysis with a good understanding of the status quo of biomass energy development. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Biomass energy; Renewable energy; Social Network Analysis
Svider P.F.; Choudhry Z.A.; Choudhry O.J.; Baredes S.; Liu J.K.; Eloy J.A.	The use of the h-index in academic otolaryngology	2013	Laryngoscope	10.1002/lary.23569	Objective/Hypothesis: The h-index is an objective and easily calculable measure that can be used to evaluate both the relevance and amount of scientific contributions of an individual author. Our objective was to examine how the h-index of academic otolaryngologists relates with academic rank. Study Design: A descriptive and correlational design was used for analysis of academic otolaryngologists' h-indices using the Scopus database. Methods: H-indices of faculty members from 50 otolaryngology residency programs were calculated using the Scopus database, and data was organized by academic rank. Additionally, an analysis of the h-indices of departmental chairpersons among different specialties was performed. Results: H-index values of academic otolaryngologists were higher with increased academic rank among the levels of assistant professor, associate professor, and professor. There was no significant difference between the h-indices of professors and department chairpersons within otolaryngology. H-indices of chairpersons in different academic specialties were compared and were significantly different, suggesting that the use of this metric may not be appropriate for comparing different fields. Conclusions: The h-index is a reliable tool for quantifying academic productivity within otolaryngology. This measure is easily calculable and may be useful when evaluating decisions regarding advancement within academic otolaryngology departments. Comparison of this metric among faculty members from different fields, however, may not be reliable. Laryngoscope, 2013 Copyright © 2012 The American Laryngological, Rhinological, and Otological Society, Inc.	academic physician scientific productivity; academic productivity; academic promotion; academic rank determination; academic rank in otolaryngology; faculty productivity; faculty promotion; h-index; h-index in otolaryngology; Level of Evidence: n/a.; otolaryngology faculty productivity
Fishman M.; Williams W.A., II; Goodman D.M.; Ross L.F.	Gender Differences in the Authorship of Original Research in Pediatric Journals, 2001-2016	2017	Journal of Pediatrics	10.1016/j.jpeds.2017.08.044	Objectives To examine the gender of authors of original research in 3 high-impact pediatric journals between 2001 and 2016, given the importance of publishing on academic promotion, and to compare authorship gender with the percentage of women on editorial boards and with academic faculty composition. Study design We assessed the prevalence of female first and senior (last-listed) authorship of original research articles published in 3 pediatric-focused journals Pediatrics, JAMA Pediatrics (entitled Archives of Pediatric and Adolescent Medicine until 2013), and The Journal of Pediatrics. We also examined the gender breakdown of the main editors and the broader editorial boards of these journals. In addition, we examined whether junior female faculty co-authored with male or female senior faculty. Results Of 3895 original articles, 22 were excluded because the gender of either the first or senior author could not be determined from the name. An analysis of authorship by year showed increasing female representation across the selected journals in both first (39.8% in 2001, 57.7% in 2016) and senior (28.6% in 2001, 38.1% in 2016) authors, respectively. Editorial boards also showed increasing female representation (17.8% in 2001 to 39.8% in 2016). Junior female faculty were more likely to co-author with senior female women (female first and last author); the gap remained unchanged despite the increasing number of women entering pediatrics. Conclusions Women are underrepresented as authors and editors, although the gap is closing. Junior women are less likely to co-author with senior men, which may be a disservice given current gender disparities in promotion and leadership. © 2017 Elsevier Inc.	academic medicine; authorship; editorial board; mentorship; pediatrics; professional development; sex
Brandt J.S.; Downing A.C.; Howard D.L.; Kofinas J.D.; Chasen S.T.	Citation classics in obstetrics and gynecology: The 100 most frequently cited journal articles in the last 50 years	2010	American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology	10.1016/j.ajog.2010.07.025	"Objective Our objective was to characterize the most frequently cited articles published in obstetrics and gynecology journals during the last 50 years. Study Design We utilized the 2008 edition of Journal Citation Reports and Social Sciences Citation Index database to determine the most frequently cited articles published after 1956. Articles were evaluated for several characteristics, and an unadjusted categorical analysis was performed to compare pre- and post-1980 articles. Results The 100 most frequently cited articles were published in 11 journals between 1957 and 2004. Most articles were published by US-based authors. Forty-four articles were related to obstetrics and 56 were related to gynecology. The most common study design was observational. There were only 7 randomized controlled trials, and randomized controlled trials were not more common after 1980 (6.3% vs 8.1%; P = .71). Conclusion Most ""citation classics"" in obstetrics and gynecology are observational studies published in high-impact journals by US-based authors after 1980. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved."	bibliometrics; citation analysis; citation classics; gynecology; landmark articles; obstetrics
Arora S.K.; Porter A.L.; Youtie J.; Shapira P.	Capturing new developments in an emerging technology: An updated search strategy for identifying nanotechnology research outputs	2013	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-012-0903-6	Bibliometric analysis of publication metadata is an important tool for investigating emerging fields of technology. However, the application of field definitions to define an emerging technology is complicated by ongoing and at times rapid change in the underlying technology itself. There is limited prior work on adapting the bibliometric definitions of emerging technologies as these technologies change over time. The paper addresses this gap. We draw on the example of the modular keyword nanotechnology search strategy developed at Georgia Institute of Technology in 2006. This search approach has seen extensive use in analyzing emerging trends in nanotechnology research and innovation. Yet with the growth of the nanotechnology field, novel materials, particles, technologies, and tools have appeared. We report on the process and results of reviewing and updating this nanotechnology search strategy. By employing structured text-mining software to profile keyword terms, and by soliciting input from domain experts, we identify new nanotechnology-related keywords. We retroactively apply the revised evolutionary lexical query to 20 years of publication data and analyze the results. Our findings indicate that the updated search approach offers an incremental improvement over the original strategy in terms of recall and precision. Additionally, the updated strategy reveals the importance for nanotechnology of several emerging cited-subject categories, particularly in the biomedical sciences, suggesting a further extension of the nanotechnology knowledge domain. The implications of the work for applying bibliometric definitions to emerging technologies are discussed. © 2012 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Cited subject categories; Nanotechnology; Publications; Search strategy
Liu W.; Liao H.	A Bibliometric Analysis of Fuzzy Decision Research During 1970–2015	2017	International Journal of Fuzzy Systems	10.1007/s40815-016-0272-z	Fuzzy set just past its 50-year anniversary and different fuzzy associations and organizations hold different forms of conferences and activities to celebrate this epoch-making scientific discovery. As an important branch of fuzzy theory, fuzzy decision has attracted scholars from almost all fields from psychologists, economists, to computer scientists. In this paper, we conduct a bibliometric analysis on fuzzy decision-related research to find out some underlying patterns and dynamics in this research direction. A total of 13,901 fuzzy decision-related publication records from Web of Science are analyzed with the aid of the text-mining software Vantage Point. Many interesting results with regard to the annual trends, the top players in terms of country level, time dynamic as well as institutional level, the publishing journals, the highly cited papers, and the research landscape are yielded and explained in-depth. It is observed that some small or developing economies (such as China, Iran, Taiwan, and Turkey) are quite active in fuzzy decision research. The fuzzy decision theories and methods have increasingly be utilized in various fields evidenced by the growing number of disciplines involved in the fuzzy decision research. © 2016, Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association and Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Bibliometric analyses; China; Fuzzy decision research; Fuzzy set; Iran
Guler A.T.; Waaijer C.J.F.; Palmblad M.	Scientific workflows for bibliometrics	2016	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-016-1885-6	Scientific workflows organize the assembly of specialized software into an overall data flow and are particularly well suited for multi-step analyses using different types of software tools. They are also favorable in terms of reusability, as previously designed workflows could be made publicly available through the myExperiment community and then used in other workflows. We here illustrate how scientific workflows and the Taverna workbench in particular can be used in bibliometrics. We discuss the specific capabilities of Taverna that makes this software a powerful tool in this field, such as automated data import via Web services, data extraction from XML by XPaths, and statistical analysis and visualization with R. The support of the latter is particularly relevant, as it allows integration of a number of recently developed R packages specifically for bibliometrics. Examples are used to illustrate the possibilities of Taverna in the fields of bibliometrics and scientometrics. © 2016, The Author(s).	Bibliometrics; Mass spectrometry; Medicinal chemistry; R; Scientific workflows; Taverna; XML
Milojević S.; Sugimoto C.R.; Yan E.; Ding Y.	The cognitive structure of Library and Information Science: Analysis of article title words	2011	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.21602	"This study comprises a suite of analyses of words in article titles in order to reveal the cognitive structure of Library and Information Science (LIS). The use of title words to elucidate the cognitive structure of LIS has been relatively neglected. The present study addresses this gap by performing (a) co-word analysis and hierarchical clustering, (b) multidimensional scaling, and (c) determination of trends in usage of terms. The study is based on 10,344 articles published between 1988 and 2007 in 16 LIS journals. Methodologically, novel aspects of this study are: (a) its large scale, (b) removal of non-specific title words based on the ""word concentration"" measure (c) identification of the most frequent terms that include both single words and phrases, and (d) presentation of the relative frequencies of terms using ""heatmaps"". Conceptually, our analysis reveals that LIS consists of three main branches: the traditionally recognized library-related and information-related branches, plus an equally distinct bibliometrics/ scientometrics branch. The three branches focus on: libraries, information, and science, respectively. In addition, our study identifies substructures within each branch. We also tentatively identify ""information seeking behavior"" as a branch that is establishing itself separate from the three main branches. Furthermore, we find that cognitive concepts in LIS evolve continuously, with no stasis since 1992. The most rapid development occurred between 1998 and 2001, influenced by the increased focus on the Internet. The change in the cognitive landscape is found to be driven by the emergence of new information technologies, and the retirement of old ones. © 2011 ASIS&T."	N/A
Larivière V.	On the shoulders of students? The contribution of PhD students to the advancement of knowledge	2012	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-011-0495-6	Using the participation in peer reviewed publications of all doctoral students in Quebec over the 2000-2007 period, this paper provides the first large scale analysis of their research effort. It shows that PhD students contribute to about a third of the publication output of the province, with doctoral students in the natural and medical sciences being present in a higher proportion of papers published than their colleagues of the social sciences and humanities. Collaboration is an important component of this socialization: disciplines in which student collaboration is higher are also those in which doctoral students are the most involved in peer-reviewed publications. In terms of scientific impact, papers co-signed by doctorate students obtain significantly lower citation rates than other Quebec papers, except in natural sciences and engineering. Finally, this paper shows that involving doctoral students in publications is positively linked with degree completion and ulterior career in research. © 2011 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Canada; Citations; Doctorate; Publications; Québec
Shah R.V.; Albert T.J.; Bruegel-Sanchez V.; Vaccaro A.R.; Hilibrand A.S.; Grauer J.N.	Industry support and correlation to study outcome for papers published in spine	2005	Spine	10.1097/01.brs.0000161004.15308.b4	Study Design. Retrospective review of articles published in the journal Spine. Objectives. To evaluate potential correlations between research sponsorship and study outcome. Summary of Background Data. Industry sponsorship has traditionally been associated with more positive results than non-funded or peer-reviewed funded projects in other areas of medicine. The association of such sponsorship and study outcome has not been addressed previously in spine research. Methods. Articles from the journal Spine from January 2002 to July 2003 were reviewed. These were examined for the subject evaluated, type of study design, funding source, and conclusion reached. Results. Of 1143 articles, 527 met inclusion criteria of having abstract, materials/methods, and conclusion sections. Industry support was reported for 84 (15.9%), foundation support for 67 (12.7%), government support for 54 (10.2%), institution support for 17 (3.2%), and no funding was reported for 304 (57.9%). The odds ratio of industry funded reporting positive results was 3.3 times that of studies with any other funding sources (P < 0.001). Conclusions. Industry funded studies demonstrated a statistically greater likelihood to report positive results than studies with other funding sources. Potential explanations for this are biased study design, biased experimental technique, biased result interpretation, or publication bias. Although the expense of research and limited funding sources have forced an increased reliance on industry support for funding basic science and clinical spine research, this does introduce the potential for bias and must be recognized by the reader. © 2005, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.	Conflict of interest; Industry; Research support; Spine
Clarke M.; Hopewell S.; Chalmers I.	Clinical trials should begin and end with systematic reviews of relevant evidence: 12 years and waiting	2010	The Lancet	10.1016/S0140-6736(10)61045-8	[No abstract available]	N/A
Shibata N.; Kajikawa Y.; Sakata I.	Extracting the commercialization gap between science and technology - Case study of a solar cell	2010	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2010.03.008	In this paper, we compared structures of the citation network of scientific publications with those of patents, and discussed the differences between them. A case study was performed in a solar cell to develop a method of detecting gaps between science and technology. Scientific research has tended to be more basic, especially in terms of cell design, whereas patents have focused on more applied technology used in solar cell modules. Of the major citation clusters of scientific publications, only two, namely silicon and compound solar cells, corresponded semantically with patent clusters. Conversely, there were no patent clusters corresponding to the other two scientific research fronts, namely dye-sensitized and polymer solar cells. These research areas could be regarded as opportunities for industrial commercialization because scientific activities exist but not technological applications. Our results could offer an intellectual basis for discovering potential opportunities for industrial commercialization. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Patent analysis; R&D management; Research front; Technology roadmap
Washer P.; Joffe H.	"The ""hospital superbug"": Social representations of MRSA"	2006	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/j.socscimed.2006.05.018	"The so-called 'hospital superbug' methcillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) became a topic of media and political concern in Britain from the middle of the 1990s. It was increasingly politicised in the period leading up to the British General Election of 2005. This study examines the meanings of MRSA that circulate in Britain by analysing newspaper coverage of the disease over the 10-year period 1995-2005. It utilises social representations theory and contextualises MRSA within existing research on representations of emerging infectious diseases (EIDs). A key pattern in the representation of EIDs is to externalise the threat they pose by linking the origin, risk and blame to 'the other' of those who represent them. It is in this light that this study investigates who and what MRSA is associated with and the impact that these associations have on levels of alarm and blame. Key findings are that MRSA is represented as a potentially lethal 'superbug', marking the end of a 'golden age of medicine' in which the story of the discovery of antibiotics has played such a key role. Furthermore, MRSA is constructed around an ""it could be you/me"" set of assumptions by way of the plethora of human interest stories that dominate the coverage. Finally, the blame for MRSA focuses not on its genesis, but rather on why it spreads. This is attributed to poor hygiene in hospitals, which is ultimately caused by mismanagement of the National Health Service and erosion of the authority and morality symbolised by the 'matron' role. This constellation of meanings informs a somewhat different pattern of response to MRSA when compared to many past EIDs. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."	"""hospital superbug""; Emerging infectious diseases; Mass media; MRSA; Social representations; UK"
Fu H.-Z.; Ho Y.-S.; Sui Y.-M.; Li Z.-S.	A bibliometric analysis of solid waste research during the period 1993-2008	2010	Waste Management	10.1016/j.wasman.2010.06.008	This study is a bibliometric analysis of solid waste research to evaluate the current trends, using the literature in the Science Citation Index (SCI) database from 1993 to 2008. Analyzed aspects included document type, language, and publication output as well as distribution of journals, subject category, countries, institutes, title-words, author keywords, and 'Keywords Plus'. An evaluating indicator, h-index, was applied to characterize the solid waste publications. The trend of publication outputs during 1993-2008 coincided with a power and an exponential model. Based on the exponential model during 2001-2008, the number of articles on solid waste in 2013 is predicted to be twice that in 2008. The most common subject category is environmental science and the most productive journal is Waste Management. The USA with most publications and China with the highest growth rate were compared. Finally, author keywords, words in title, and 'Keywords Plus' were analyzed to provide research emphasis. The results showed that mainstream research was centered on the following methods: recycling, landfilling, composting and waste-to-energy. Heavy metals, fly ash and sewage sludge were considered recent research hotspots. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.	N/A
Abbott A.	Hungary rewards success: Only scientists with highly cited publications are eligible for 'frontline' grant programme	2017	Nature	10.1038/551425a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Hung J.-L.	Trends of e-learning research from 2000 to 2008: Use of text mining and bibliometrics	2012	British Journal of Educational Technology	10.1111/j.1467-8535.2010.01144.x	This study investigated the longitudinal trends of e-learning research using text mining techniques. Six hundred and eighty-nine (689) refereed journal articles and proceedings were retrieved from the Science Citation Index/Social Science Citation Index database in the period from 2000 to 2008. All e-learning publications were grouped into two domains with four groups/15 clusters based on abstract analysis. Three additional variables: subject areas, prolific countries and prolific journals were applied to data analysis and data interpretation. Conclusions include that e-learning research is at the early majority stage and foci have shifted from issues of the effectiveness of e-learning to teaching and learning practices. Educational studies and projects and e-learning application in medical education and training are growing fields with the highest potential for future research. Approaches to e-learning differ between leading countries and early adopter countries, and government policies play an important role in shaping the results. © 2010 The Author.	N/A
Kostoff R.N.; Stump J.A.; Johnson D.; Murday J.S.; Lau C.G.Y.; Tolles W.M.	The structure and infrastructure of the global nanotechnology literature	2006	Journal of Nanoparticle Research	10.1007/s11051-005-9035-8	Text mining is the extraction of useful information from large volumes of text. A text mining analysis of the global open nanotechnology literature was performed. Records from the Science Citation Index (SCI)/Social SCI were analyzed to provide the infrastructure of the global nanotechnology literature (prolific authors/journals/institutions/countries, most cited authors/papers/journals) and the thematic structure (taxonomy) of the global nanotechnology literature, from a science perspective. Records from the Engineering Compendex (EC) were analyzed to provide a taxonomy from a technology perspective. The Far Eastern countries have expanded nanotechnology publication output dramatically in the past decade. The Peoples Republic of China ranks second to the USA (2004 results) in nanotechnology papers published in the SCI, and has increased its nanotechnology publication output by a factor of 21 in a decade. Of the six most prolific (publications) nanotechnology countries, the three from the Western group (USA, Germany, France) have about eight percent more nanotechnology publications (for 2004) than the three from the Far Eastern group (China, Japan, South Korea). While most of the high nanotechnology publication-producing countries are also high nanotechnology patent producers in the US Patent Office (as of 2003), China is a major exception. China ranks 20th as a nanotechnology patent-producing country in the US Patent Office. © Springer 2006.	Bibliometrics; Computational linguistics; Nanocomposites; Nanocrystals; Nanofabrication; Nanolithography; Nanomaterials; Nanoparticles; Nanoscience; Nanostructures; Nanotechnology; Nanotubes; Nanowires; Quantum dots; Self-assembly; Text mining
Zhu J.; Hua W.	Visualizing the knowledge domain of sustainable development research between 1987 and 2015: a bibliometric analysis	2017	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-016-2187-8	Sustainable development (SD) was posited almost three decades ago by the World Commission on Environment and Development (WCED) as an integrated approach for addressing concerns regarding a number of environmental and socio-economic issues. To represent the knowledge structure and evolution of SD in the post-WCED era, this paper resorted to CiteSpace to identify and visualize cited references and keyword networks, the distribution of categories and countries, and highly cited references relating to SD research. Two indicators embedded in CiteSpace were introduced to investigate intellectual turning points and pivotal points to outline the emerging trends, and furthermore, a new indicator (BC × CB) was developed and applied for keyword analysis. Our findings were as follows. First, the United States and UK occupy dominant positions in relation to SD studies in general and meanwhile China records the highest publication counts. Second, the concept of nature capital has contributed significantly to interpretations of SD and the detected promising disciplinary frontiers are materials category and social sciences. Lastly, keyword analysis shows the valuable keywords under the measure of BC × CB and furthermore citation maps and visible hot research areas are revealed as well. © 2016, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Knowledge structures; Sustainable development
Donthu N.; Kumar S.; Pattnaik D.; Lim W.M.	A bibliometric retrospection of marketing from the lens of psychology: Insights from Psychology & Marketing	2021	Psychology and Marketing	10.1002/mar.21472	The contribution of psychology to marketing has been significant and invaluable. No discipline has benefitted from another as much as marketing from psychology. To gain an understanding of the scientific contributions emerging from the intersection of psychology and marketing, this study conducts a bibliometric retrospection of a premier journal dedicated to the application of psychological theories and techniques to marketing: Psychology & Marketing (P&M). To do so, this study employs bibliometrics to unpack the publication trends and the intellectual structure of P&M. In doing so, this study reveals several interesting findings. First, P&M's publications grew by 71.9 times, authorships grew by 82.1 times, and citations grew by 150.8 times between 1984 and 2020, indicating a healthy growth of marketing research informed by psychology. Second, P&M's contributions manifest through eight intellectual clusters—namely, marketing environment; consumer engagement; online consumer behavior and marketing; luxury consumption and marketing; sustainable consumption and marketing; influencer and international marketing; customer relationship, satisfaction, and loyalty; and marketing futures. Finally, P&M's emerging and promising areas for future exploration include aesthetics and consumer impressions; celebrity endorsement; conspicuous consumption and hedonic adaptation; climate change; choice likelihood; consumer engagement; consumer psychology; marketing communication; sensory marketing; sharing economy; and social media marketing. As a whole, these findings should provide readers with a state-of-the-art overview of marketing from psychology through the scientific contributions from P&M. © 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC	bibliometric; citations analysis; marketing; P&M; psychology
Merediz-Solá I.; Bariviera A.F.	A bibliometric analysis of bitcoin scientific production	2019	Research in International Business and Finance	10.1016/j.ribaf.2019.06.008	Blockchain technology, and more specifically bitcoin (one of its foremost applications), have been receiving increasing attention in the scientific community. The first publications with bitcoin as a topic, can be traced back to 2012. In spite of this short time span, the production magnitude (1162 papers) makes it necessary to make a bibliometric study in order to observe research clusters, emerging topics, and leading scholars. Our paper is aimed at studying the scientific production only around bitcoin, excluding other blockchain applications. Thus, we restricted our search to papers indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection, whose topic is “bitcoin”. This database is suitable for such diverse disciplines such as economics, engineering, mathematics, and computer science. This bibliometric study draws the landscape of the current state and trends of bitcoin-related research in different scientific disciplines. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Bitcoin; VOSviewer; Web of Science
Sharifi A.	Urban sustainability assessment: An overview and bibliometric analysis	2021	Ecological Indicators	10.1016/j.ecolind.2020.107102	Following the recognition of the significance of urban areas for achieving sustainable development in the late 1980′s, first studies on ‘urban sustainability assessment’ were published in early 1990s. Since then, the field has grown rapidly, with over 300 papers published annually in recent years. The main objective of this study is to present a bibliometric analysis of about thirty years of research on urban sustainability assessment. The literature database includes 3877 articles published in the Web of Science. VOSviewer and SciMAT are two science mapping software tools that were utilized for this purpose. VOSviewer is utilized to detect major focus areas and to identify influential authors, publications, and journals using various network analysis techniques such as term co-occurrence, co-citation, and bibliographic coupling. Also, SciMAT is used to understand how the intellectual base of the field has evolved over time and what are the major themes that have contributed to this evolution. For this purpose, the study interval was divided into four sub-periods (i.e., 1991–2000; 2001–2009; 2010–2015; and 2016–2020). Results show that this field has initially been mainly focused on few themes but has later become more diversified to acknowledge the multi-dimensional characteristics of urban sustainability. Despite this, environmental aspects are still dominant and major socio-economic issues such as equity, justice, and public engagement are not well represented. Sustainable development indicators, energy, green infrastructure, water, land use, and urban design are major thematic areas, with the first three playing more important roles in structuring the development of the field. This study can be used as a point of reference for those interested in gaining more knowledge about urban sustainability assessment and its evolution. © 2020	Bibliometrics; Cities; Indicators; Sustainability assessment; Sustainable development; Urban sustainability
Samiee S.; Chabowski B.R.	Knowledge structure in international marketing: A multi-method bibliometric analysis	2012	Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science	10.1007/s11747-011-0296-8	This study examines the underlying forces that shape the international marketing (IM) field using three bibliometric methods: exploratory factor analysis (EFA), hierarchical cluster analysis (HCA), and metric multidimensional scaling (MDS). We apply these techniques to evaluate the knowledge structure of IM publications for the 1999-2008 period and to concurrently provide a supplemental examination of the findings for the 2009-2010 period. Overall, our database contains 228,929 citations used in 3,632 IM articles from 34 academic journals in which marketing publications appear. We initially trace the underpinning knowledge structure in the literature in five-year increments for all influential IM publications. We then refine our analysis and examine marketing-centered scholarly influences on the IM literature and undertake an examination of the developments in later years. The results indicate that the IM field is expanding and is considerably more inclusive, sophisticated, and increasingly more complex than in earlier periods. Our findings also demonstrate that other disciplines (principally management) have had a profound influence on the development of the IM literature during the 12-year period under investigation. Using the bibliometric results derived from our data, we provide guidelines for future research and contrast them with those forwarded in review studies of the international marketing literature. © 2011 Academy of Marketing Science.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; International marketing literature; Knowledge structure
Ma Y.; Dong M.; Zhou K.; Mita C.; Liu J.; Wayne P.M.	Publication trends in acupuncture research: A 20-year bibliometric analysis based on pubMed	2016	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0168123	Objective Acupuncture has become popular and widely practiced in many countries around the world. Despite the large amount of acupuncture-related literature that has been published, broader trends in the prevalence and scope of acupuncture research remain underexplored. The current study quantitatively analyzes trends in acupuncture research publications in the past 20 years. Methods A bibliometric approach was used to search PubMed for all acupuncture-related research articles including clinical and animal studies. Inclusion criteria were articles published between 1995 and 2014 with sufficient information for bibliometric analyses. Rates and patterns of acupuncture publication within the 20 year observational period were estimated, and compared with broader publication rates in biomedicine. Identified eligible publications were further analyzed with respect to study type/design, clinical condition addressed, country of origin, and journal impact factor. Results A total of 13,320 acupuncture-related publications were identified using our search strategy and eligibility criteria. Regression analyses indicated an exponential growth in publications over the past two decades, with a mean annual growth rate of 10.7%. This compares to a mean annual growth rate of 4.5% in biomedicine. A striking trend was an observed increase in the proportion of randomized clinical trials (RCTs), from 7.4% in 1995 to 20.3% in 2014, exceeding the 4.5% proportional growth of RCTs in biomedicine. Over the 20 year period, pain was consistently the most common focus of acupuncture research (37.9% of publications). Other top rankings with respect to medical focus were arthritis, neoplasms/cancer, pregnancy or labor, mood disorders, stroke, nausea/vomiting, sleep, and paralysis/palsy. Acupuncture research was conducted in 60 countries, with the top 3 contributors being China (47.4%), United States (17.5%), and United Kingdom (8.2%). Retrieved articles were published mostly in complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) journals with impact factors ranging between 0.7 and 2.8 in the top 20 journals, followed by journals specializing in neuroscience, pain, anesthesia/analgesia, internal medicine and comprehensive fields. Conclusion Acupuncture research has grown markedly in the past two decades, with a 2-fold higher growth rate than for biomedical research overall. Both the increases in the proportion of RCTs and the impact factor of journals support that the quality of published research has improved. While pain was a consistently dominant research focus, other topics gained more attention during this time period. These findings provide a context for analyzing strengths and gaps in the current state of acupuncture research, and for informing a comprehensive strategy for further advancing the field. © 2016 Ma et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Fersht A.	The most influential journals: Impact factor and eigenfactor	2009	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.0903307106	[No abstract available]	N/A
Hung J.-L.; Zhang K.	Examining mobile learning trends 2003-2008: A categorical meta-trend analysis using text mining techniques	2012	Journal of Computing in Higher Education	10.1007/s12528-011-9044-9	This study investigated the longitudinal trends of academic articles in Mobile Learning (ML) using text mining techniques. One hundred and nineteen (119) refereed journal articles and proceedings papers from the SCI/SSCI database were retrieved and analyzed. The taxonomies of ML publications were grouped into twelve clusters (topics) and four domains, based on abstract analysis using text mining. Results include basic bibliometric statistics, trends in frequency of each topic over time, predominance in each topic by country, and preferences for each topic by journal. Key findings include the following: (a) ML articles increased from 8 in 2003 to 36 in 2008; (b) the most popular domain in current ML is Effectiveness, Evaluation, and Personalized Systems; (c) Taiwan is most prolific in five of the twelve ML clusters; (d) ML research is at the Early Adopters stage; and (e) studies in strategies and framework will likely produce a bigger share of publication in the field of ML. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.	Bibliometrics; M-learning; Mobile learning; Mobile learning trends; Text mining
Fire M.; Guestrin C.	Over-optimization of academic publishing metrics: Observing Goodhart's Law in action	2019	GigaScience	10.1093/gigascience/giz053	"Background The academic publishing world is changing significantly, with ever-growing numbers of publications each year and shifting publishing patterns. However, the metrics used to measure academic success, such as the number of publications, citation number, and impact factor, have not changed for decades. Moreover, recent studies indicate that these metrics have become targets and follow Goodhart's Law, according to which, ""when a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure."" Results In this study, we analyzed >120 million papers to examine how the academic publishing world has evolved over the last century, with a deeper look into the specific field of biology. Our study shows that the validity of citation-based measures is being compromised and their usefulness is lessening. In particular, the number of publications has ceased to be a good metric as a result of longer author lists, shorter papers, and surging publication numbers. Citation-based metrics, such citation number and h-index, are likewise affected by the flood of papers, self-citations, and lengthy reference lists. Measures such as a journal's impact factor have also ceased to be good metrics due to the soaring numbers of papers that are published in top journals, particularly from the same pool of authors. Moreover, by analyzing properties of >2,600 research fields, we observed that citation-based metrics are not beneficial for comparing researchers in different fields, or even in the same department. Conclusions Academic publishing has changed considerably; now we need to reconsider how we measure success. © 2019 The Author(s)."	Academic publishing metrics; Big data; Data science; Goodhart's Law; Science of science; Scientometrics
Sweileh W.M.	Global research trends of World Health Organization's top eight emerging pathogens	2017	Globalization and Health	10.1186/s12992-017-0233-9	Background: On December 8th, 2015, World Health Organization published a priority list of eight pathogens expected to cause severe outbreaks in the near future. To better understand global research trends and characteristics of publications on these emerging pathogens, we carried out this bibliometric study hoping to contribute to global awareness and preparedness toward this topic. Method: Scopus database was searched for the following pathogens/infectious diseases: Ebola, Marburg, Lassa, Rift valley, Crimean-Congo, Nipah, Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), and Severe Respiratory Acute Syndrome (SARS). Retrieved articles were analyzed to obtain standard bibliometric indicators. Results: A total of 8619 journal articles were retrieved. Authors from 154 different countries contributed to publishing these articles. Two peaks of publications, an early one for SARS and a late one for Ebola, were observed. Retrieved articles received a total of 221,606 citations with a mean ± standard deviation of 25.7 ± 65.4 citations per article and an h-index of 173. International collaboration was as high as 86.9%. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had the highest share (344; 5.0%) followed by the University of Hong Kong with 305 (4.5%). The top leading journal was Journal of Virology with 572 (6.6%) articles while Feldmann, Heinz R. was the most productive researcher with 197 (2.3%) articles. China ranked first on SARS, Turkey ranked first on Crimean-Congo fever, while the United States of America ranked first on the remaining six diseases. Of retrieved articles, 472 (5.5%) were on vaccine - related research with Ebola vaccine being most studied. Conclusion: Number of publications on studied pathogens showed sudden dramatic rise in the past two decades representing severe global outbreaks. Contribution of a large number of different countries and the relatively high h-index are indicative of how international collaboration can create common health agenda among distant different countries. © 2017 The Author(s).	AcrGIS 10.1; Bibliometrics; Outbreaks; Virus; VOSviewer; WHO
Jeter P.E.; Slutsky J.; Singh N.; Khalsa S.B.S.	Yoga as a therapeutic intervention: A bibliometric analysis of published research studies from 1967 to 2013	2015	Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine	10.1089/acm.2015.0057	Objective: A comprehensive bibliometric analysis was conducted on publications for yoga therapy research in clinical populations. Methods: Major electronic databases were searched for articles in all languages published between 1967 and 2013. Databases included PubMed, PsychInfo, MEDLINE, IndMed, Indian Citation Index, Index Medicus for South-East Asia Region, Web of Knowledge, Embase, EBSCO, and Google Scholar. Nonindexed journals were searched manually. Key search words included yoga, yoga therapy, pranayama, asana. All studies met the definition of a clinical trial. All styles of yoga were included. The authors extracted the data. Results: A total of 486 articles met the inclusion criteria and were published in 217 different peer-reviewed journals from 29 different countries on 28,080 study participants. The primary result observed is the three-fold increase in number of publications seen in the last 10 years, inclusive of all study designs. Overall, 45% of the studies published were randomized controlled trials, 18% were controlled studies, and 37% were uncontrolled studies. Most publications originated from India (n=258), followed by the United States (n=122) and Canada (n=13). The top three disorders addressed by yoga interventions were mental health, cardiovascular disease, and respiratory disease. Conclusion: A surge in publications on yoga to mitigate disease-related symptoms in clinical populations has occurred despite challenges facing the field of yoga research, which include standardization and limitations in funding, time, and resources. The population at large has observed a parallel surge in the use of yoga outside of clinical practice. The use of yoga as a complementary therapy in clinical practice may lead to health benefits beyond traditional treatment alone; however, to effect changes in health care policy, more high-quality, evidence-based research is needed. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc. 2015.	N/A
Chen Y.; Lin M.; Zhuang D.	Wastewater treatment and emerging contaminants: Bibliometric analysis	2022	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2022.133932	In recent years, emerging contaminants have been found in the wastewater, surface water, and even drinking water, which should be treated to ensure the safety of our living environment. In this study, we provide a comprehensive summary of wastewater treatment and emerging contaminants research from 1998 to 2021 by using the bibliometric analysis. This study is conducted based on the Web of Science Core Collection Database. The bibliometix R-package, VOSviewer and CiteSpace software are used for bibliometric analysis and science mapping. A dataset of 10, 605 publications has been retrieved. The analysis results show that China has produced the most publications. China and the United States have the closest cooperation. Analysis of the most cited papers reveals that the purification or removal techniques such as ozonation or membrane filtration can effectively remove pharmaceutical compounds from the water environment. We also found that the efficient detection of emerging contaminants and the optimization of removal methods are current challenges. Finally, future research directions are discussed. © 2022 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Emerging contaminants; Wastewater treatment
Eom Y.-H.; Fortunato S.	Characterizing and modeling citation dynamics	2011	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0024926	Citation distributions are crucial for the analysis and modeling of the activity of scientists. We investigated bibliometric data of papers published in journals of the American Physical Society, searching for the type of function which best describes the observed citation distributions. We used the goodness of fit with Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistics for three classes of functions: log-normal, simple power law and shifted power law. The shifted power law turns out to be the most reliable hypothesis for all citation networks we derived, which correspond to different time spans. We find that citation dynamics is characterized by bursts, usually occurring within a few years since publication of a paper, and the burst size spans several orders of magnitude. We also investigated the microscopic mechanisms for the evolution of citation networks, by proposing a linear preferential attachment with time dependent initial attractiveness. The model successfully reproduces the empirical citation distributions and accounts for the presence of citation bursts as well. © 2011 Eom, Fortunato.	N/A
Zhang S.; Mao G.; Crittenden J.; Liu X.; Du H.	Groundwater remediation from the past to the future: A bibliometric analysis	2017	Water Research	10.1016/j.watres.2017.01.029	Groundwater is an important component of terrestrial ecosystems and plays a role in geochemical cycling. Groundwater is also used for agricultural irrigation and for the domestic supply of drinking water in most nations. However, groundwater contamination has led to many research efforts on groundwater remediation technologies and strategies. This study evaluated a total of 5486 groundwater remediation-related publications from 1995 to 2015 using bibliometric technology and social network analysis, to provide a quantitative analysis and a global view on the current research trend and future research directions. Our results underline a strong research interest and an urgent need to remediate groundwater pollution due to the increasing number of both groundwater contamination and remediation publications. In the past two decades, the United States (U.S.) published 41.1% of the papers and it was the core country of the international collaboration network, cooperating with the other 19 most productive countries. Besides the active international collaboration, the funding agencies also played positive roles to foster the science and technology publications. With respect to the analysis of the distribution of funding agencies, the National Science Foundation of China sponsored most of the groundwater remediation research. We also identified the most productive journals, Environmental Science and Technology and Journal of Contaminant Hydrology, which published 334 and 259 scientific articles (including research articles and reviews) over the past 20 years, respectively. In addition to journal publications, a patent analysis was performed to show the impact of intellectual property protection on journal publications. Three major remediation technologies, including chemical oxidation, biodegradation and adsorption, have received increasing interest in both journal publication and patent development. Our results provide a valuable reference and global overview to identify the potential obstacles and opportunities for researchers who currently work on groundwater contamination, remediation and related topics. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric; Groundwater contamination; Patent; Social network analysis
Boote J.; Wong R.; Booth A.	'Talking the talk or walking the walk?' A bibliometric review of the literature on public involvement in health research published between 1995 and 2009	2015	Health Expectations	10.1111/hex.12007	Objectives: To characterise the literature on public involvement in health research published between 1995 and 2009. Methods: Papers were identified from three systematic reviews, one narrative review and two bibliographies. The analysis identified journals where papers were published; countries of lead authors; types of public involved; health topic areas; and stages of research involving the public. Papers were also classified as to whether they were literature reviews or empirical studies; focused on participatory/action research; were qualitative, quantitative or mixed-method. The number of papers published per year was also examined. Findings: Of the 683 papers identified, 297 were of USA origin and 223 were of UK origin. Of the 417 empirical papers: (i) participatory/action research approach was dominant, together with qualitative data collection methods; (ii) the stage of research the public was most involved was question identification; (iii) indigenous groups were most commonly involved; (iv) mental health was the most common health topic. Published studies peaked in 2006. Conclusions: The present study identifies publication patterns in public involvement in health research and provides evidence to suggest that researchers increasingly are 'walking the walk' with respect to public involvement, with empirical studies consistently out-numbering literature reviews from 1998. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	Action research; Bibliometric study; Consumer involvement; Health research; Participatory research; Public involvement; Service user participation
Hoeffel C.	Journalimpact factors [2]	1998	Allergy: European Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology	10.1111/j.1398-9995.1998.tb03848.x	[No abstract available]	N/A
Bao G.; Fang H.; Chen L.; Wan Y.; Xu F.; Yang Q.; Zhang L.	Soft robotics: Academic insights and perspectives through bibliometric analysis	2018	Soft Robotics	10.1089/soro.2017.0135	"Soft robotics is of growing interest in the robot community as well as in public media, and there is an increase in the quality and quantity of publications related to this topic. To formally elaborate this growth, we have used a bibliometric analysis to evaluate the publications in the field from 1990 to 2017 based on the Science Citation Index Expanded database. We present a detailed overview and discussion based on keywords, citation, h-index, year, journal, institution, country, author, and review articles. The results show that the United States takes the leading position in this research field, followed by China and Italy. Harvard University has the most publications, high average number of citations per publication and the highest h-index. IEEE Transactions on Robotics ranks first among the top 20 academic journals publishing articles related to this field, whereas Soft Robotics holds the top position in journals categorized with ""ROBOTICS."" Actuator, fabrication, control, material, sensing, simulation, bionics, stiffness, modeling, power, motion, and application are the hot topics of soft robotics. Smart materials, bionics, morphological computation, and embodiment control are expected to contribute to this field in the future. Application and commercialization appear to be the initial driving force and final goal for soft robots. © 2018 Guanjun Bao et al."	artificial muscle; bibliometrics; bioinspired robot; multidisciplinary; smart material; soft robotics
Eloy J.A.; Svider P.F.; Cherla D.V.; Diaz L.; Kovalerchik O.; Mauro K.M.; Baredes S.; Chandrasekhar S.S.	Gender disparities in research productivity among 9952 academic physicians	2013	Laryngoscope	10.1002/lary.24039	Objectives/Hypothesis The number of women in medicine has increased considerably over the past 3 decades, and they now comprise approximately half of medical school matriculants. We examine whether gender disparities in research productivity are present throughout various specialties and compare these findings to those previously described among otolaryngologists. Study Design Bibliometric analysis. Methods Research productivity, measured by the h-index, was calculated for 9,952 academic physicians representing 34 medical specialties. Additionally, trends in how rate of research productivity changed throughout different career stages were compared. Results Women were underrepresented at the level of professor and in positions of departmental leadership relative to their representation among assistant and associate professors. Male faculty had statistically higher research productivity both overall (H = 10.3 ±0.14 vs. 5.6 ± 0.14) and at all academic ranks. For the overall sample, men and women appeared to have equivalent rates of research productivity. In internal medicine, men had higher early-career productivity, while female faculty had productivity equaling and even surpassing that of their male colleagues beyond 20 to 25 years. Men and women had equivalent productivity in surgical specialties throughout their careers, and similar rates in pediatrics until 25 to 30 years. Conclusions Female academic physicians have decreased research productivity relative to men, which may be one factor contributing to their underrepresentation at the level of professor and departmental leader relative to their proportions in junior academic ranks. Potential explanations may include fewer woman physicians in the age groups during which higher academic ranks are attained, greater family responsibilities, and greater involvement in clinical service and educational contributions. Level of Evidence N/A. Laryngoscope, 123:1865-1875, 2013 © 2013 The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.	academic appointment; academic productivity; academic promotion; gender disparities; H-index
Li J.; Goerlandt F.; Reniers G.	An overview of scientometric mapping for the safety science community: Methods, tools, and framework	2021	Safety Science	10.1016/j.ssci.2020.105093	Scientometrics analysis is increasingly applied across scientific domains to gain quantitative insights in the development of research on particular (sub-)domains of scientific inquiry. By visualizing metrics containing quantitative information about such a domain, scientometric mapping allows researchers to gain insights in aspects thereof. Methods have been developed to answer specific research questions, focusing e.g. on collaboration networks, thematic research clusters, historic evolution patterns, and trends in topics addressed. Several articles applying scientometric mapping to safety-related topics have been published. In context of the Special Issue ‘Mapping Safety Science – Reviewing Safety Research’, this article first reviews these, and subsequently provides an overview of key concepts, methods, and tools for scientometric mapping. Data sources and freely available tools are introduced, focusing on which research questions these are suited to answer. A brief tutorial-style description of a scientometrics research process is provided, guiding researchers new to this method how to engage with it. Finally, a discussion on best practices in scientometric mapping research is made, focusing on how to obtain reliable and valid results, and how to use the scientometric maps to gain meaningful insights. It is hoped that this work can advance the application of scientometric research within the safety science community. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Mapping knowledge domains; Safety science; Science mapping; Scientometrics
Druss B.G.; Von Esenwein S.A.	Improving general medical care for persons with mental and addictive disorders: Systematic review	2006	General Hospital Psychiatry	10.1016/j.genhosppsych.2005.10.006	Objective: To conduct a systematic review of studies of interventions designed to improve general medical care in persons with mental and addictive disorders. Methods: Following Cochrane Collaboration guidelines, a comprehensive search through October 2005 was conducted in multiple bibliometric indexes using search terms related to primary medical care and mental health/addictive disorders. Two assessors independently extracted information on linkage, quality, outcomes and costs of care. Results: Six randomized trials met the preestablished search criteria. The interventions spanned a continuum of approaches for improving treatment, ranging from on-site medical consultation, through team-based approaches, to models involving facilitated referrals to primary care. The studies demonstrated a substantial positive impact on linkage to and quality of medical care; there was evidence of health improvement and improved abstinence rates in patients with greater medical comorbidity. The three studies that assessed expenditures found the programs to be cost-neutral from a health-plan perspective. Conclusion: A small but growing body of research suggests that a range of models may hold potential for improving these patients' health and health care, at a relatively modest cost. Future work should continue to develop and test approaches to this problem that can be tailored to local system needs and capacities. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Health improvement; Primary care
Gu D.; Li J.; Li X.; Liang C.	Visualizing the knowledge structure and evolution of big data research in healthcare informatics	2017	International Journal of Medical Informatics	10.1016/j.ijmedinf.2016.11.006	Background In recent years, the literature associated with healthcare big data has grown rapidly, but few studies have used bibliometrics and a visualization approach to conduct deep mining and reveal a panorama of the healthcare big data field. Methods To explore the foundational knowledge and research hotspots of big data research in the field of healthcare informatics, this study conducted a series of bibliometric analyses on the related literature, including papers’ production trends in the field and the trend of each paper's co-author number, the distribution of core institutions and countries, the core literature distribution, the related information of prolific authors and innovation paths in the field, a keyword co-occurrence analysis, and research hotspots and trends for the future. Results By conducting a literature content analysis and structure analysis, we found the following: (a) In the early stage, researchers from the United States, the People's Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and Germany made the most contributions to the literature associated with healthcare big data research and the innovation path in this field. (b) The innovation path in healthcare big data consists of three stages: the disease early detection, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis phase, the life and health promotion phase, and the nursing phase. (c) Research hotspots are mainly concentrated in three dimensions: the disease dimension (e.g., epidemiology, breast cancer, obesity, and diabetes), the technical dimension (e.g., data mining and machine learning), and the health service dimension (e.g., customized service and elderly nursing). Conclusion This study will provide scholars in the healthcare informatics community with panoramic knowledge of healthcare big data research, as well as research hotspots and future research directions. © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd	Bibliometrics; Big data; Healthcare informatics; Knowledge management; Knowledge structure
Kraus S.; Filser M.; O’Dwyer M.; Shaw E.	Social Entrepreneurship: An exploratory citation analysis	2014	Review of Managerial Science	10.1007/s11846-013-0104-6	Research on Social Entrepreneurship became a growing field of interest during the past decades. However, as the heterogeneity of investigated topics is rather large the purpose of this contribution is to provide an overview of the current state of research on Social Entrepreneurship. In doing so previous research is structured to identify major contributions and thereby key discussion lines within this field. Based on a bibliometric citation analysis of 129 core papers and 5,228 cited references, five topic clusters are identified within the field of Social Entrepreneurship: 1) Definitions and conceptual approaches, 2) Impetus, 3) Personality, 4) Impact and performance, and 5) Future research agenda. By reflecting the literature of each discussion line, a framework for the advancement of Social Entrepreneurship research is provided. © 2013, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Entrepreneurship; Social Entrepreneurship
Mora L.; Deakin M.; Reid A.	Combining co-citation clustering and text-based analysis to reveal the main development paths of smart cities	2019	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2018.07.019	Bibliometrics is a powerful tool for analyzing knowledge domains and revealing their cognitive-epistemological structure. Different mathematical models and statistical techniques have been proposed and tested to carry out bibliometric analyses and demonstrate their effectiveness in uncovering how fields of research are intellectually structured. These include two hybrid techniques that allow clusters of related documents obtained from a co-citation analysis to be labeled using textual data. This paper reports on the findings of a bibliometric study in which these hybrid techniques are combined to: (1) build and visualize the network of publications shaping the intellectual structure of the smart city research field by considering the first two decades of literature dealing with this subject; (2) map the clusters of thematically-related publications; and (3) reveal the emerging development paths of smart cities that each thematic cluster represents and the strategic principles they embody. The five development paths which the analysis uncovers and the strategic principles each stands on are then compared by reviewing the most recent literature on smart cities. Overall, this bibliometric study offers a systematic review of the research on smart cities produced since 1992 and helps bridge the division affecting this research area, demonstrating that it is caused by the dichotomous nature of the development paths of smart cities that each thematic cluster relates to and the strategic principles they in turn support. © 2018	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Content analysis; Development paths; Smart city; Sustainable urban development; Urban innovation
Cruz-Cárdenas J.; Zabelina E.; Guadalupe-Lanas J.; Palacio-Fierro A.; Ramos-Galarza C.	COVID-19, consumer behavior, technology, and society: A literature review and bibliometric analysis	2021	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2021.121179	The COVID-19 crisis is among the most disruptive events in recent decades. Its profound consequences have garnered the interest of many studies in various disciplines, including consumer behavior, thereby warranting an effort to review and systematize the literature. Thus, this study systematizes the knowledge generated by 70 COVID-19 and consumer behavior studies in the Scopus database. It employs descriptive analysis, highlighting the importance of using quantitative methods and China and the US as research settings. Co-occurrence analysis further identified various thematic clusters among the studies. The input-process-output consumer behavior model guided the systematic review, covering several psychological characteristics and consumer behaviors. Accordingly, measures adopted by governments, technology, and social media stand out as external factors. However, revised marketing strategies have been oriented toward counteracting various consumer risks. Hence, given that technological and digital formats mark consumer behavior, firms must incorporate digital transformations in their process. © 2021	Consumer behavior; COVID-19; Disruptive events; Literature review; Panic buying; Technology
Javaid M.; Haleem A.	4D printing applications in medical field: A brief review	2019	Clinical Epidemiology and Global Health	10.1016/j.cegh.2018.09.007	"Background/objectives: There are promising applications of 4D printing in the medical field. The need is to identify the research status and explore where this new set of technologies effectively can be deployed. Methods: Research articles till September 2018 are searched from Scopus by keywords as “4D printing” and “4D printing""""medical"" and undertaken a bibliometric analysis of the identified papers. Further relevant papers were studied for application in the medical field. Results: Search through Scopus identified 171 research articles on 4D printing and 13 research articles on 4D printing in the medical field. This study states that 4D printing is the latest technology that creates innovation and addresses complex medical problems. Paper briefly describes the 4D printing and details its difference from 3D printing technology. We have identified five steps to be used to create a medical model by using this technology and its prospective implementation for medical applications. Identified that research is carried out on 4D printing, but decidedly less publication is available in the medical field reporting the application of this technology. Finally, we have identified nine significant applications of 4D printing in the medical field. The main limitation is that it requires extensive investment & support for transformation. Conclusions: 4D printing is to provide benefits to medical practitioners especially in the areas not covered by 3D printing technologies. 4D printing helps to create a 3D physical object by adding smart material layer by layer through computer-operated computer-aided design (CAD) data. It adds a dimension of transformation over time where printed products are sensitive to parameters like temperature, humidity, time etc. This technology can provide extensive support in the medical field, especially with better and smart medical implants, tools and devices. Now doctors and researchers can explore with 4D printing technology to provide better service to the patient. © 2018"	3D printing; 4D printing; Customisation; Implant; Medical applications; Smart material
Bresciani S.; Ciampi F.; Meli F.; Ferraris A.	Using big data for co-innovation processes: Mapping the field of data-driven innovation, proposing theoretical developments and providing a research agenda	2021	International Journal of Information Management	10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2021.102347	This is the first systematic literature review concerning the interconnections between big data (BD) and co-innovation. It uses BD as a common perspective of analysis as well as a concept aggregating different research streams (open innovation, co-creation and collaborative innovation). The review is based on the results of a bibliographic coupling analysis performed with 51 peer-reviewed papers published before the end of 2019. Three thematic clusters were discovered, which respectively focused on BD as a knowledge creation enabler within co-innovation contexts, BD as a driver of co-innovation processes based on customer engagement, and the impact of BD on co-innovation within service ecosystems. The paper theoretically argues that the use of BD, in addition to enhancing intentional and direct collaborative innovation processes, allows the development of passive and unintentional co-innovation that can be implemented through indirect relationships between the collaborative actors. This study also makes eleven unique research propositions concerning further theoretical developments and managerial implementations in the field of BD-driven co-innovation. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Big data; Co-innovation; Literature review; Open innovation
Small H.	Paradigms, citations, and maps of science: A personal history	2003	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.10225	Can maps of science tell us anything about paradigms? The author reviews his earlier work on this question, including Kuhn's reaction to it. Kuhn's view of the role of bibliometrics differs substantially from the kinds of reinterpretations of paradigms that information scientists are currently advocating. But these reinterpretations are necessary if his theory will ever be empirically tested, and further progress is to be made in understanding the growth of scientific knowledge. A new Web tool is discussed that highlights rapidly changing specialties that may lead to new ways of monitoring revolutionary change in real time. It is suggested that revolutionary and normal science be seen as extremes on a continuum of rates of change rather than, as Kuhn originally asserted, as an all or none proposition.	N/A
Bornmann L.; Marx W.; Gasparyan A.Y.; Kitas G.D.	Diversity, value and limitations of the journal impact factor and alternative metrics	2012	Rheumatology International	10.1007/s00296-011-2276-1	The highly popular journal impact factor (JIF) is an average measure of citations within 1 year after the publication of a journal as a whole within the two preceding years. It is widely used as a proxy of a journal's quality and scientiWc prestige. This article discusses misuses of JIF to assess impact of separate journal articles and the eVect of several manuscript versions on JIF. It also presents some newer alternative journal metrics such as SCImago Journal Rank and the h-index and analyses examples of their application in several subject categories. © Springer-Verlag 2011.	Bibliometrics; Biomedical journals; H-Index; Impact factor; Periodicals as topic; Rheumatology
Fontelo P.; Liu F.	A review of recent publication trends from top publishing countries	2018	Systematic Reviews	10.1186/s13643-018-0819-1	Background: Evidence-based medicine relies on current best evidence from the medical literature, the patient's history, and the clinician's own experience to provide the best care for patients. Systematic reviews and meta-analysis are considered the highest levels of evidence for informing clinical decisions. Recently, reports have shown an increase in the number but a decrease in quality of meta-analysis publications. We reviewed publication trends and determined the countries with the most journal articles and types of publications in PubMed from 1995 to 2015. Methods: We examined journal entries in PubMed from 1995 to 2015 from top publishing countries for total number of publications and citations in core clinical journals and in specific publication types (systematic reviews, meta-analysis, randomized controlled trials). Results: Yearly, only 30 countries generated 94.6% of all publications and 98.1% of core clinical journals worldwide. All publication types increased but with a significant increase in meta-analysis publications from China. Collaborative and co-authored papers among the 30 countries also showed an increasing trend. Conclusion: The USA leads in all publication citations and specific publication types, except for meta-analysis where China publishes more. Collaborative publishing among international collaborators is also increasing. © 2018 The Author(s).	Collaborative publishing; Evidence-based medicine; Meta-analysis; Publication type; PubMed; Systematic review
Chen M.; Zhang M.; Borlak J.; Tong W.	A decade of toxicogenomic research and its contribution to toxicological science	2012	Toxicological Sciences	10.1093/toxsci/kfs223	Toxicogenomics enjoyed considerable attention as a ground-breaking addition to conventional toxicology assays at its inception. However, the pace at which toxicogenomics was expected to perform has been tempered in recent years. Next to cost, the lack of advanced knowledge discovery and data mining tools significantly hampered progress in this new field of toxicological sciences. Recently, two of the largest toxicogenomics databases were made freely available to the public. These comprehensive studies are expected to stimulate knowledge discovery and development of novel data mining tools, which are essential to advance this field. In this review, we provide a concise summary of each of these two databases with a brief discussion on the commonalities and differences between them. We place our emphasis on some key questions in toxicogenomics and how these questions can be appropriately addressed with the two databases. Finally, we provide a perspective on the future direction of toxicogenomics and how new technologies such as RNA-Seq may impact this field. Published by Oxford University Press 2012.	Bioinformatics; Liver; Systems toxicology; Toxicogenomics
Stephan P.; Veugelers R.; Wang J.	Reviewers are blinkered by bibliometrics	2017	Nature	10.1038/544411a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Warren H.R.; Raison N.; Dasgupta P.	The rise of altmetrics	2017	JAMA - Journal of the American Medical Association	10.1001/jama.2016.18346	[No abstract available]	N/A
Leydesdorff L.; Bornmann L.	Integrated impact indicators compared with impact factors: An alternative research design with policy implications	2011	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.21609	"In bibliometrics, the association of ""impact"" with central-tendency statistics is mistaken. Impacts add up, and citation curves therefore should be integrated instead of averaged. For example, the journals MIS Quarterly and Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology differ by a factor of 2 in terms of their respective impact factors (IF), but the journal with the lower IF has the higher impact. Using percentile ranks (e.g., top-1%, top-10%, etc.), an Integrated Impact Indicator (I3) can be based on integration of the citation curves, but after normalization of the citation curves to the same scale. The results across document sets can be compared as percentages of the total impact of a reference set. Total number of citations, however, should not be used instead because the shape of the citation curves is then not appreciated. I3 can be applied to any document set and any citation window. The results of the integration (summation) are fully decomposable in terms of journals or institutional units such as nations, universities, and so on because percentile ranks are determined at the paper level. In this study, we first compare I3 with IFs for the journals in two Institute for Scientific Information subject categories (""Information Science & Library Science"" and ""Multidisciplinary Sciences""). The library and information science set is additionally decomposed in terms of nations. Policy implications of this possible paradigm shift in citation impact analysis are specified. © 2011 ASIS&T."	N/A
Song J.; Yin Y.; Wang H.; Chang Z.; Liu Z.; Cui L.	A review of original articles published in the emerging field of radiomics	2020	European Journal of Radiology	10.1016/j.ejrad.2020.108991	Purpose: To determine the characteristics of and trends in research in the emerging field of radiomics through bibliometric and hotspot analyses of relevant original articles published between 2013 and 2018. Methods: We evaluated 553 original articles concerning radiomics, published in a total of 61 peer-reviewed journals between 2013 and 2018. The following information was retrieved for each article: radiological subspecialty, imaging technique(s), machine learning technique(s), sample size, study setting and design, statistical result(s), study purpose, software used for feature calculation, funding declarations, author number, first author's affiliation, study origin, and journal name. Qualitative and quantitative analyses were performed for the manually extracted data for identification and visualization of the trends in radiomics research. Results: The annual growth rate in the number of published papers was 177.82% (p < 0.001). The characteristics and trends of research hotspots in the field of radiomics were clarified and visualized in this study. It was found that the field of radiomics is at a more mature stage for lung, breast, and prostate cancers than for other sites. Radiomics studies primarily focused on radiological characterization (215) and monitoring (182). Logistic regression and LASSO were the two most commonly used techniques for feature selection. Non-clinical researchers without a medical background dominated radiomics studies (70.52%), the vast majority of which only highlighted positive results (97.80%) while downplaying negative findings. Conclusions: The reporting of quantifiable knowledge about the characteristics and trajectories of radiomics can inform researchers about the gaps in the field of radiomics and guide its future direction. © 2020 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Hotspot analysis; Radiology; Radiomics
Lou J.; Tian S.-J.; Niu S.-M.; Kang X.-Q.; Lian H.-X.; Zhang L.-X.; Zhang J.-J.	Coronavirus disease 2019: A bibliometric analysis and review	2020	European Review for Medical and Pharmacological Sciences	10.26355/eurrev_202003_20712	"OBJECTIVE: On December 8, 2019, many cases of pneumonia with unknown etiology were first reported in Wuhan, China, subsequently identified as a novel coronavirus infection aroused worldwide concern. As the outbreak is ongoing, more and more researchers focused interest on the COVID-19. Therefore, we retrospectively anazlyzed the publications about COVID-19 to summarize the research hotspots and make a review, to provide reference for researchers in the world. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a search in PubMed using the keywords ""COVID-19"" from inception to March 1, 2020. Identified and analyzed the data included title, corresponding author, language, publication time, publication type, research focus. RESULTS: 183 publications published from 2020 January 14 to 2020 February 29 were included in the study. The first corresponding authors of the publications were from 20 different countries. Among them, 78 (42.6%) from the hospital, 64 (35%) from the university and 39 (21.3%) from the research institution. All the publications were published in 80 different journals. Journal of Medical Virology published most of them (n=25). 60 (32.8%) were original research, 29 (15.8%) were review, 20 (10.9%) were short communications. 68 (37.2%) epidemiology, 49 (26.8%) virology and 26 (14.2%) clinical features. CONCLUSIONS: According to our review, China has provided a large number of research data for various research fields, during the outbreak of COVID-19. Most of the findings play an important role in preventing and controlling the epidemic around the world. With research on the COVID-19 still booming, new vaccine and effective medicine for COVID-19 will be expected to come out in the near future with the joint efforts of researchers worldwide. © 2020 Verduci Editore s.r.l. All rights reserved."	Corona virus disease 2019; COVID-19; NCP; Novel coronavirus pneumonia; Review
Hamel M.B.; Ingelfinger J.R.; Phimister E.; Solomon C.G.	Women in academic medicine - Progress and challenges	2006	New England Journal of Medicine	10.1056/NEJMe068143	[No abstract available]	N/A
Yu M.-C.; Wu Y.-C.J.; Alhalabi W.; Kao H.-Y.; Wu W.-H.	ResearchGate: An effective altmetric indicator for active researchers?	2016	Computers in Human Behavior	10.1016/j.chb.2015.11.007	As research performance becomes increasingly important for academic institutions in competition for rankings, student recruitment, and funding, many performance indicators have been developed to measure various aspects of research performance. ResearchGate combines bibliometrics and altmetrics to create a more comprehensive performance measure for researchers and institutions. The ResearchGate score, the flagship indicator calculated by an undisclosed algorithm, is a metric that measure scientific reputation. In this research, ResearchGate metrics are firstly compared with those that Research Excellence Framework (REF) and Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) World University Rankings to assess the quality of UK universities and global universities respectively. This study then utilizes correlation analysis to examine whether ResearchGate metrics demonstrate effectiveness on the researcher level in comparison with SciVal metrics. For this research, 300 ResearchGate members from the supply chain management field were selected. The results provide empirical evidence that demonstrate that the ResearchGate score can be an effective indicator for measuring individual researcher performance. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.	Altmetrics; ResearchGate; SciVal; Social media; Supply chain management
Banerjee I.; Nguyen B.; Garousi V.; Memon A.	Graphical user interface (GUI) testing: Systematic mapping and repository	2013	Information and Software Technology	10.1016/j.infsof.2013.03.004	"Context GUI testing is system testing of a software that has a graphical-user interface (GUI) front-end. Because system testing entails that the entire software system, including the user interface, be tested as a whole, during GUI testing, test cases - modeled as sequences of user input events - are developed and executed on the software by exercising the GUI's widgets (e.g., text boxes and clickable buttons). More than 230 articles have appeared in the area of GUI testing since 1991. Objective In this paper, we study this existing body of knowledge using a systematic mapping (SM). Method The SM is conducted using the guidelines proposed by Petersen et al. We pose three sets of research questions. We define selection and exclusion criteria. From the initial pool of 230 articles, published in years 1991-2011, our final pool consisted of 136 articles. We systematically develop a classification scheme and map the selected articles to this scheme. Results We present two types of results. First, we report the demographics and bibliometrics trends in this domain, including: top-cited articles, active researchers, top venues, and active countries in this research area. Moreover, we derive the trends, for instance, in terms of types of articles, sources of information to derive test cases, types of evaluations used in articles, etc. Our second major result is a publicly-accessible repository that contains all our mapping data. We plan to update this repository on a regular basis, making it a ""live"" resource for all researchers. Conclusion Our SM provides an overview of existing GUI testing approaches and helps spot areas in the field that require more attention from the research community. For example, much work is needed to connect academic model-based techniques with commercially available tools. To this end, studies are needed to compare the state-of-the-art in GUI testing in academic techniques and industrial tools. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; GUI application; Paper repository; Systematic mapping; Testing
Benita F.	Human mobility behavior in COVID-19: A systematic literature review and bibliometric analysis	2021	Sustainable Cities and Society	10.1016/j.scs.2021.102916	This article maps the scientific literature in human mobility behavior in the context of the current pandemic. Through bibliometrics, we analyze the content of published scientific studies indexed on the Web of Science and Scopus during 2020. This enables us the detection of current hotspots and future directions of research. After a co-occurrence of keywords and evidence map analysis, four themes are identified, namely, Land Transport — Operations, Land Transport — Traffic Demand, Air Transport and Environment. We show how air transportation- and environmental-related studies tend to be more mature research whereas the understanding of changes in travel behavior (e.g., telecommuting, preventive measures or health protection behavior) tends to be immature. By using a topic modeling approach, we identify multiple sub-themes within each theme. Our framework adopts a smart literature review approach that can be constantly updated, enabling an analysis of many articles, with little investment of the researcher's time, but also provides high degree of transparency and replicability. We also put forth a research agenda that can help inform and shape transport policy and practice responses to COVID-19. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; COVID-19; Text mining; Travel behavior
Solberg L.I.	Guideline implementation: what the literature doesn't tell us.	2000	The Joint Commission journal on quality improvement	10.1016/S1070-3241(00)26044-6	BACKGROUND: Despite large numbers of studies and literature reviews about guideline implementation, it remains unclear whether and how clinical guidelines can be used to improve the quality of medical care. This study sought to learn whether these studies and reviews have recognized the importance of systems thinking and organizational change for implementation. METHODS: A literature search was conducted for systematic reviews of guideline implementation or practice improvement studies. Each review was studied for the extent to which it identified or discussed the value of systems changes, organizational support, practice environmental factors, and use of a change process. RESULTS: Forty-seven good-quality systematic reviews were found. They largely concurred that using reminders and perhaps using feedback in the course of clinical encounters were the most effective ways of implementing guidelines. However, these same reviews rarely identified these strategies as systems changes, and there was little discussion about any need for organizational support or attention to various environmental variables that might affect implementation. The change process required to introduce a new or changed practice system received even less attention. CONCLUSION: Reviews of guideline implementation trials have focused on how to change the behavior of individual clinicians. There has been little attention to the impact of practice systems or organizational support of clinician behavior, the process by which change is produced, or the role of the practice environmental context within which change is being attempted. New attention to these issues may help us to better understand and undertake the process of improving medical care delivery.	N/A
Strohman T.; Croft W.B.; Jensen D.	Recommending citations for academic papers	2007	Proceedings of the 30th Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, SIGIR'07	10.1145/1277741.1277868	We approach the problem of academic literature search by considering an unpublished manuscript as a query to a search system. We use the text of previous literature as well as the citation graph that connects it to find relevant related material. We evaluate our technique with manual and automatic evaluation methods, and find an order of magnitude improvement in mean average precision as compared to a text similarity baseline.	Bibliometrics
Kozlowski D.; Lariviere V.; Sugimoto C.R.; Monroe-White T.	Intersectional inequalities in science	2022	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.2113067119	The US scientific workforce is primarily composed of White men. Studies have demonstrated the systemic barriers preventing women and other minoritized populations from gaining entry to science; few, however, have taken an intersectional perspective and examined the consequences of these inequalities on scientific knowledge. We provide a large-scale bibliometric analysis of the relationship between intersectional identities, topics, and scientific impact. We find homophily between identities and topic, suggesting a relationship between diversity in the scientific workforce and expansion of the knowledge base. However, topic selection comes at a cost to minoritized individuals for whom we observe both between- and within-topic citation disadvantages. To enhance the robustness of science, research organizations should provide adequate resources to historically underfunded research areas while simultaneously providing access for minoritized individuals into high-prestige networks and topics. © 2022 National Academy of Sciences. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Gender; Intersectionality; Race; Science of science
Kumar S.; Lim W.M.; Pandey N.; Christopher Westland J.	20 years of Electronic Commerce Research	2021	Electronic Commerce Research	10.1007/s10660-021-09464-1	2021 marks the 20th anniversary of the founding of Electronic Commerce Research (ECR). The journal has changed substantially over its life, reflecting the wider changes in the tools and commercial focus of electronic commerce. ECR’s early focus was telecommunications and electronic commerce. After reorganization and new editorship in 2014, that focus expanded to embrace emerging tools, business models, and applications in electronic commerce, with an emphasis on the innovations and the vibrant growth of electronic commerce in Asia. Over this time, ECR’s impact and volume of publications have grown rapidly, and ECR is considered one of the premier journals in its discipline. This invited research summarizes the evolution of ECR’s research focus over its history. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature.	Bibliographic coupling; Bibliometric analysis; Co-authorship analysis; Electronic commerce research; Performance analysis; Temporal keyword analysis
Garfield E.; Welljams-Dorof A.	Of Nobel class: A citation perspective on high impact research authors	1992	Theoretical Medicine	10.1007/BF02163625	The purpose of this paper was to determine if quantitative rankings of highly cited research authors confirm Nobel prize awards. Six studies covering different time periods and author sample sizes were reviewed. The number of Nobel laureates at the time each study was published was tabulated, as was the number of high impact authors who later became laureates. The Nobelists and laureates-to-be were also compared with non-Nobelists to see if they differed in terms of impact and productivity. The results indicate that high rankings by citation frequency identify researchers of Nobel class - that is, a small set of authors that includes a high proportion of actual Nobelists and laureates-to-be. Also, the average impact (citations per author) of Nobelists and laureates-to-be is sufficiently high to distinguish them from non-Nobelists in these rankings. In conclusion, a simple, quantitative, and objective algorithm based on citation data can effectively corroborate -and even forecast - a complex, qualitative, and subjective selection process based on human judgement. © 1992 Kluwer Academic Publishers.	citation analysis; citation impact; Nobel prize; Science Citation Index; scientometrics
Bornmann L.	Validity of altmetrics data for measuring societal impact: A study using data from Altmetric and F1000Prime	2014	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2014.09.007	"Can altmetric data be validly used for the measurement of societal impact? The current study seeks to answer this question with a comprehensive dataset (about 100,000 records) from very disparate sources (F1000, Altmetric, and an in-house database based on Web of Science). In the F1000 peer review system, experts attach particular tags to scientific papers which indicate whether a paper could be of interest for science or rather for other segments of society. The results show that papers with the tag ""good for teaching"" do achieve higher altmetric counts than papers without this tag - if the quality of the papers is controlled. At the same time, a higher citation count is shown especially by papers with a tag that is specifically scientifically oriented (""new finding""). The findings indicate that papers tailored for a readership outside the area of research should lead to societal impact.If altmetric data is to be used for the measurement of societal impact, the question arises of its normalization. In bibliometrics, citations are normalized for the papers' subject area and publication year. This study has taken a second analytic step involving a possible normalization of altmetric data. As the results show there are particular scientific topics which are of especial interest for a wide audience. Since these more or less interesting topics are not completely reflected in Thomson Reuters' journal sets, a normalization of altmetric data should not be based on the level of subject categories, but on the level of topics. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd."	Altmetrics; Bibliometrics; F1000; Societal impact; Twitter
Yan E.; Ding Y.	Discovering author impact: A PageRank perspective	2011	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/j.ipm.2010.05.002	This article provides an alternative perspective for measuring author impact by applying PageRank algorithm to a coauthorship network. A weighted PageRank algorithm considering citation and coauthorship network topology is proposed. We test this algorithm under different damping factors by evaluating author impact in the informetrics research community. In addition, we also compare this weighted PageRank with the h-index, citation, and program committee (PC) membership of the International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics (ISSI) conferences. Findings show that this weighted PageRank algorithm provides reliable results in measuring author impact. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Coauthorship; Informetrics; Network; PageRank
Singh S.; Dhir S.; Das V.M.; Sharma A.	Bibliometric overview of the Technological Forecasting and Social Change journal: Analysis from 1970 to 2018	2020	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2020.119963	The purpose of this paper is to analyze the evolution of Technological Forecasting and Social Change journal for a period between 1970 and 2018 for 4248 articles. The growing scope and diversity of the field creates fragmentation and the belief that reviews could contribute to synthesis and integration. This analysis includes key factors impacting growth of a journal such as publication evolution and citation structure, most cited articles, leading authors, institutions and countries, related journals and ranking, key research streams in the journal, and co-citation analysis. Factors of the Technological Forecasting and Social Change journal determine the relationship between various sub-fields. The analysis also provides key insights about the evolution of the field over time. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Factor analysis; Journal analysis; Keyword co-occurrences; Technological Forecasting and Social Change
Squazzoni F.; Bravo G.; Grimaldo F.; García-Costa D.; Farjam M.; Mehmani B.	Gender gap in journal submissions and peer review during the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. A study on 2329 Elsevier journals	2021	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0257919	During the early months of the COVID-19 pandemic, there was an unusually high submission rate of scholarly articles. Given that most academics were forced to work from home, the competing demands for familial duties may have penalized the scientific productivity of women. To test this hypothesis, we looked at submitted manuscripts and peer review activities for all Elsevier journals between February and May 2018-2020, including data on over 5 million authors and referees. Results showed that during the first wave of the pandemic, women submitted proportionally fewer manuscripts than men. This deficit was especially pronounced among more junior cohorts of women academics. The rate of the peer-review invitation acceptance showed a less pronounced gender pattern with women taking on a greater service responsibility for journals, except for health & medicine, the field where the impact of COVID-19 research has been more prominent. Our findings suggest that the first wave of the pandemic has created potentially cumulative advantages for men. © 2021 Squazzoni et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Patel V.; Kim Y.-R.	Contribution of low- and middle-income countries to research published in leading general psychiatry journals, 2002-2004	2007	British Journal of Psychiatry	10.1192/bjp.bp.106.025692	We aimed to describe the contribution of low- and middle-income (LAMI) countries to leading general psychiatric journals. We reviewed original research published over a 3-year period (2002-2004) in the six highest-impact general psychiatry journals and contacted editorial offices to gather data on country of origin of submitted and accepted articles. Only 3.7% of published research emerges from these less affluent countries, which account for over 80% of the global population. Compared with the findings of a similar review of the period 1996-1998, there has been little change. The three European journals had a higher representation than the three American journals. The proportion of psychiatrists in a country was associated with that country's research output. As much as 50% of the research from LAMI countries is led by authors from high-income countries. The proportion of submissions from LAMI countries was very low, and articles from them were more frequently rejected. Strengthening the research capacity of these countries and reviewing the editorial policies of leading journals can help increase the international representation of LAMI countries in psychiatric research.	N/A
McVeigh M.E.; Mann S.J.	The journal impact factor denominator: Defining citable (counted) items	2009	JAMA	10.1001/jama.2009.1301	[No abstract available]	N/A
Hagen N.T.	Harmonic allocation of authorship credit: Source-level correction of bibliometric bias assures accurate publication and citation analysis	2008	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0004021	Authorship credit for multi-authored scientific publications is routinely allocated either by issuing full publication credit repeatedly to all coauthors, or by dividing one credit equally among all coauthors. The ensuing inflationary and equalizing biases distort derived bibliometric measures of merit by systematically benefiting secondary authors at the expense of primary authors. Here I show how harmonic counting, which allocates credit according to authorship rank and the number of coauthors, provides simultaneous source-level correction for both biases as well as accommodating further decoding of byline information. I also demonstrate large and erratic effects of counting bias on the original h-index, and show how the harmonic version of the h-index provides unbiased bibliometric ranking of scientific merit while retaining the original's essential simplicity, transparency and intended fairness. Harmonic decoding of byline information resolves the conundrum of authorship credit allocation by providing a simple recipe for source-level correction of inflationary and equalizing bias. Harmonic counting could also offer unrivalled accuracy in automated assessments of scientific productivity, impact and achievement. © 2008 Hagen.	N/A
Behzadi P.; García-Perdomo H.A.; Karpiński T.M.	Toll-Like Receptors: General Molecular and Structural Biology	2021	Journal of Immunology Research	10.1155/2021/9914854	Background/Aim. Toll-like receptors (TLRs) are pivotal biomolecules in the immune system. Today, we are all aware of the importance of TLRs in bridging innate and adaptive immune system to each other. The TLRs are activated through binding to damage/danger-associated molecular patterns (DAMPs), microbial/microbe-associated molecular patterns (MAMPs), pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs), and xenobiotic-associated molecular patterns (XAMPs). The immunogenetic molecules of TLRs have their own functions, structures, coreceptors, and ligands which make them unique. These properties of TLRs give us an opportunity to find out how we can employ this knowledge for ligand-drug discovery strategies to control TLRs functions and contribution, signaling pathways, and indirect activities. Hence, the authors of this paper have a deep observation on the molecular and structural biology of human TLRs (hTLRs). Methods and Materials. To prepare this paper and fulfill our goals, different search engines (e.g., GOOGLE SCHOLAR), Databases (e.g., MEDLINE), and websites (e.g., SCOPUS) were recruited to search and find effective papers and investigations. To reach this purpose, we tried with papers published in the English language with no limitation in time. The iCite bibliometrics was exploited to check the quality of the collected publications. Results. Each TLR molecule has its own molecular and structural biology, coreceptor(s), and abilities which make them unique or a complementary portion of the others. These immunogenetic molecules have remarkable roles and are much more important in different sections of immune and nonimmune systems rather than that we understand to date. Conclusion. TLRs are suitable targets for ligand-drug discovery strategies to establish new therapeutics in the fields of infectious and autoimmune diseases, cancers, and other inflammatory diseases and disorders.  © 2021 Payam Behzadi et al.	N/A
Lopes A.P.V.B.V.; de Carvalho M.M.	Evolution of the open innovation paradigm: Towards a contingent conceptual model	2018	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2018.02.014	Openness has increasingly become a trend in innovation management. This study aims to propose a contingent conceptual framework for open innovation that reflects the evolution of this concept based on the academic literature. Besides, it aims to analyze how open innovation can affect firm and innovation performance. Additionally, it identifies the key contingent variables that affect the relationship between open innovation and performance. To accomplish these objectives, the research design is a systematic literature review, merging bibliometrics, content analysis and mind maps. The bibliometrics was applied to investigate the key references and topics. For the content analysis, a detail-coding schema was developed. Then, a mind map approach was applied towards a contingent conceptual model. Finally, a methodological triangulation was applied for understanding in-depth the insights of these research methods applied. As a result, a contingent conceptual model of open innovation has been developed. In this model, the open innovation construct is an independent variable classified as inbound or outbound, and the dependent variables are firm performance and innovation performance. Moreover, contingent variables (control and moderator) were identified, highlighting the moderate effect of knowledge flow. Finally, open innovation antecedents and enablers were identified. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric study; Innovation management; Innovation performance; Open innovation; Systematic literature review
Barra P.H.A.; Coury D.V.; Fernandes R.A.S.	A survey on adaptive protection of microgrids and distribution systems with distributed generators	2020	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2019.109524	Microgrids have emerged as a prospective framework that integrates renewable energy sources, energy storage systems, and loads. They can be addressed as a local distribution system with distributed generators (DGs) and have the potential to improve power quality, reliability, and energy efficiency to their consumers in a grid-connected or islanded mode. However, in order to implement microgrids or distribution systems with DGs, some challenges should be faced, especially concerning protection issues. The possible operating modes and the presence of distributed energy resources may make conventional protection schemes ineffective. Therefore, new protection schemes have been developed in the context of microgrids, including the cases of distribution systems with DGs. Thus, this paper presents a comprehensive survey aiming at studies considering this kind of protection. Emphasis has been given to studies associated with adaptive protection, considered by some researchers as a promising solution for microgrid protection. For this purpose, firstly, a microgrid structure is briefly presented. Afterwards, some challenges related to the protection of these systems are also addressed. Moreover, a brief overview of adaptive protection is provided, and then the newly developed schemes found in the technical literature are described. It is worth mentioning that a bibliometric analysis is also presented in this paper, highlighting a substantial growth in publications concerning adaptive protection. Nevertheless, it can be observed that more effort is still needed to obtain a complete solution for the protection of microgrids and distribution systems with DGs. Further attention to matters such as communication failures, cyberattacks, and the presence of energy storage systems should emerge in the next few years. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	Adaptive protection; Bibliometric analysis; Distributed generation; Microgrid; Protection scheme; Renewable energy sources
Pollack J.; Adler D.	Emergent trends and passing fads in project management research: A scientometric analysis of changes in the field	2015	International Journal of Project Management	10.1016/j.ijproman.2014.04.011	This research uses quantitative techniques to reveal trends in project management related research published between 1962 and 2012. The data set for this research includes 94,472 unique records sourced from the Scopus and ISI Web of Science databases. The keywords and abstracts that authors have used to describe their work have been analysed in terms of word frequency, rate of change and the co-occurrence of keywords and abstract terms. This data has been used to construct network maps of the field, depicting the relative association between key topics. Comparisons are made between the frequencies of key terms and rapid changes in the ways that terms are used in the literature to identify emergent trends and passing fads. Amongst other findings, this research has revealed evidence to indicate a change in emphasis in project management research from a technical engineering orientation to one which encompasses a broader organisational perspective. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Fads; Literature analysis; Research; Scientometrics; Trends
Nieminen P.; Carpenter J.; Rucker G.; Schumacher M.	The relationship between quality of research and citation frequency	2006	BMC Medical Research Methodology	10.1186/1471-2288-6-42	Background: Citation counts are often regarded as a measure of the utilization and contribution of published articles. The objective of this study is to assess whether statistical reporting and statistical errors in the analysis of the primary outcome are associated with the number of citations received. Methods: We evaluated all original research articles published in 1996 in four psychiatric journals. The statistical and reporting quality of each paper was assessed and the number of citations received up to 2005 was obtained from the Web of Science database. We then examined whether the number of citations was associated with the quality of the statistical analysis and reporting. Results: A total of 448 research papers were included in the citation analysis. Unclear or inadequate reporting of the research question and primary outcome were not statistically significantly associated with the citation counts. After adjusting for journal, extended description of statistical procedures had a positive effect on the number of citations received. Inappropriate statistical analysis did not affect the number of citations received. Adequate reporting of the primary research question, statistical methods and primary findings were all associated with the journal visibility and prestige. Conclusion: In this cohort of published research, measures of reporting quality and appropriate statistical analysis were not associated with the number of citations. The journal in which a study is published appears to be as important as the statistical reporting quality in ensuring dissemination of published medical science. © 2006 Nieminen et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.	N/A
Araújo C.G.S.; Scharhag J.	Athlete: A working definition for medical and health sciences research	2016	Scandinavian Journal of Medicine and Science in Sports	10.1111/sms.12632	[No abstract available]	N/A
Kendler K.S.; Muñoz R.A.; Murphy G.	The development of the feighner criteria: A historical perspective	2010	American Journal of Psychiatry	10.1176/appi.ajp.2009.09081155	This essay outlines the historical context in which the Feighner criteria emerged; reconstructs, as far as possible, the process by which the criteria were developed; and traces the influence the criteria had on subsequent developments in American psychiatry. In the 1950s, when American psychiatry under psychoanalytic dominance had little interest in psychiatric diagnosis, Edwin Gildea recruited to the Department of Psychiatry at Washington University faculty who advocated a medical model for psychiatry in which diagnosis had a central role. In 1967, at the urging of the then-resident John Feighner, a discussion group led by Eli Robins and including Sam Guze, George Winokur, Robert Woodruff, and Rod Muñoz began meeting with the initial goal of writing a review of prior key contributions to psychiatric diagnosis. In their meetings over the next year, the task soon shifted to the development of a set of new diagnostic criteria. For three diagnoses, major depression, antisocial personality disorder, and alcoholism, the authors could identify the original criteria from which this group worked and the rationale for many of the changes they introduced. Published in 1972, the Feighner criteria were soon widely cited and used in research, and they formed the basis for the development of the Research Diagnostic Criteria, which in turn were central to the development of DSM-III. The team that developed the Feighner criteria made three key contributions to psychiatry: the systematic use of operationalized diagnostic criteria; the reintroduction of an emphasis on illness course and outcome; and an emphasis on the need, whenever possible, to base diagnostic criteria on empirical evidence.	N/A
Didegah F.; Thelwall M.	Determinants of research citation impact in nanoscience and nanotechnology	2013	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.22806	This study investigates a range of metrics available when a nanoscience and nanotechnology article is published to see which metrics correlate more with the number of citations to the article. It also introduces the degree of internationality of journals and references as new metrics for this purpose. The journal impact factor; the impact of references; the internationality of authors, journals, and references; and the number of authors, institutions, and references were all calculated for papers published in nanoscience and nanotechnology journals in the Web of Science from 2007 to 2009. Using a zero-inflated negative binomial regression model on the data set, the impact factor of the publishing journal and the citation impact of the cited references were found to be the most effective determinants of citation counts in all four time periods. In the entire 2007 to 2009 period, apart from journal internationality and author numbers and internationality, all other predictor variables had significant effects on citation counts. © 2013 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; citation analysis
Trettel A.; Eissing L.; Augustin M.	Telemedicine in dermatology: findings and experiences worldwide – a systematic literature review	2018	Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology	10.1111/jdv.14341	Telemedicine has become an important element of health care in many countries and profited from the technological progress of the last two decades. Due to the visual character of the dermatological specialty, teledermatology in particular participated in that development and is becoming a major tool in dermatological consultation. The objective of this article was to identify the use of teledermatology across the world based on published original articles. A systematic literature search of the MEDLINE and Embase databases for eligible publications (predefined inclusion and exclusion criteria) and a cross-validation search were conducted. Search results were reviewed systematically. The search resulted in 204 publications meeting the inclusion criteria for analysis. The highest number of published studies on teledermatology was performed in the United States, followed by the United Kingdom, Spain, the Netherlands, Italy and Austria. The majority of dermatological indications for telemedical consultations were not specified or included various kinds of skin diseases, followed by skin cancer and wounds. Research questions predominantly focused on concordance, effectiveness and cost-effectiveness to determine the value. Teledermatology proved to be a reliable consultation tool in the majority of studies. If specified, telemedicine was used in daily dermatological routine for patient management purposes, to consult patients in peripheral locations, or for medical support in nursing homes or home care settings. The application of teledermatology worldwide is highest in North American and European countries, while countries with poor geographical distribution of physicians seem to be under-represented in teledermatological use, as concluded from publication output. Regarding indications, comparison with classic consultation and area of application, most studies were of general nature. For precise determination of the value, systematic studies would be needed. However, teledermatology is already accepted as a valid tool. © 2017 European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology	N/A
Glenisson P.; Glänzel W.; Janssens F.; De Moor B.	Combining full text and bibliometric information in mapping scientific disciplines	2005	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/j.ipm.2005.03.021	In the present study results of an earlier pilot study by Glenisson, Glänzel and Persson are extended on the basis of larger sets of papers. Full text analysis and traditional bibliometric methods are serially combined to improve the efficiency of the two individual methods. The text mining methodology already introduced in the pilot study is applied to the complete publication year 2003 of the journal Scientometrics. Altogether 85 documents that can be considered research articles or notes have been selected for this exercise. The outcomes confirm the main results of the pilot study, namely, that such hybrid methodology can be applied to both research evaluation and information retrieval. Nevertheless, Scientometrics documents published in 2003 cover a much broader and more heterogeneous spectrum of bibliometrics and related research than those analysed in the pilot study. A modified subject classification based on the scheme used in an earlier study by Schoepflin and Glänzel has been applied for validation purposes. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Automatic indexing; Bibliometrics; Full text analysis; Mapping of science; Text-based clustering
Abramo G.; D'Angelo C.A.; Caprasecca A.	Allocative efficiency in public research funding: Can bibliometrics help?	2009	Research Policy	10.1016/j.respol.2008.11.001	"The use of outcome control modes of research evaluation exercises is ever more frequent. They are conceived as tools to stimulate increased levels of research productivity, and to guide choices in allocating components of government research budgets for publicly funded institutions. There are several contributions in the literature that compare the different methodological approaches that policy makers could adopt for these exercises, however the comparisons are limited to only a few disciplines. This work, examining the case of the whole of the ""hard sciences"" of the Italian academic system, makes a comparison between results obtained from peer review type of evaluations (as adopted by the Ministry of Universities and Research) and those possible from a bibliometric approach (as developed by the authors). The aim is to understand to what extent bibliometric methodology, which is noted as relatively inexpensive, time-saving and exhaustive, can complement and integrate peer review methodology in research evaluation. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; Peer review; Research assessment; Universities
Wales W.J.; Kraus S.; Filser M.; Stöckmann C.; Covin J.G.	The status quo of research on entrepreneurial orientation: Conversational landmarks and theoretical scaffolding	2021	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2020.10.046	This research aims to gain a deeper appreciation of where the entrepreneurial orientation (EO) conversation has gained momentum based upon an analysis of its key conversational landmarks and the studies which have thus far provided its principal theoretical scaffolding. Drawing upon a bibliometric analysis of 62,499 citations from all 822 publications on EO existing so far, thereby building the most comprehensive overview of EO studies collected to date, we are able to identify which studies, journals, and disciplines have offered critical landmarks within the conversation. Moreover, we categorize these influential landmark studies into four primary areas, namely “Defining pieces”, “Methods and measurement”, “Contingencies”, and “Impact”, and discuss how prominent landmarks within the EO conversation have created the current theoretical scaffolding upon which EO research is now building. Notably, our study observes Schumpeter (1934) theory of entrepreneurship and innovation as ‘creative destruction’ as well as Barney (1991) resource-based view (RBV) as landmarks within EO's present theoretical scaffolding. © 2020 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Content analysis; Entrepreneurial orientation
Malmgren R.D.; Ottino J.M.; Nunes Amaral L.A.	The role of mentorship in protégé performance	2010	Nature	10.1038/nature09040	The role of mentorship in protégé performance is a matter of importance to academic, business and governmental organizations. Although the benefits of mentorship for protégés, mentors and their organizations are apparent, the extent to which protégés mimic their mentors career choices and acquire their mentorship skills is unclear. The importance of a science, technology, engineering and mathematics workforce to economic growth and the role of effective mentorship in maintaining a healthy such workforce demand the study of the role of mentorship in academia. Here we investigate one aspect of mentor emulation by studying mentorship fecunditythe number of protégés a mentor trainsusing data from the Mathematics Genealogy Project, which tracks the mentorship record of thousands of mathematicians over several centuries. We demonstrate that fecundity among academic mathematicians is correlated with other measures of academic success. We also find that the average fecundity of mentors remains stable over 60 years of recorded mentorship. We further discover three significant correlations in mentorship fecundity. First, mentors with low mentorship fecundities train protégés that go on to have mentorship fecundities 37% higher than expected. Second, in the first third of their careers, mentors with high fecundities train protégés that go on to have fecundities 29% higher than expected. Finally, in the last third of their careers, mentors with high fecundities train protégés that go on to have fecundities 31% lower than expected. © 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.	N/A
Angermeyer M.C.; Schulze B.	Reinforcing stereotypes: How the focus on forensic cases in news reporting may influence public attitudes towards the mentally ill	2001	International Journal of Law and Psychiatry	10.1016/S0160-2527(01)00079-6	[No abstract available]	N/A
Melero R.	Altmetrics – A complement to conventional metrics	2015	Biochemia Medica	10.11613/BM.2015.016	Emerging metrics based on article-level does not exclude traditional metrics based on citations to the journal, but complements them. Both can be employed in conjunction to offer a richer picture of an article use from immediate to long terms. Article-level metrics (ALM) is the result of the aggregation of different data sources and the collection of content from multiple social network services. Sources used for the aggregation can be broken down into five categories: usage, captures, mentions, social media and citations. Data sources depend on the tool, but they include classic metrics indicators based on citations, academic social networks (Mendeley, CiteULike, Delicious) and social media (Facebook, Twitter, blogs, or Youtube, among others). Altmetrics is not synonymous with alternative metrics. Altmetrics are normally early available and allow to assess the social impact of scholarly outputs, almost at the real time. This paper overviews briefly the meaning of altmetrics and describes some of the existing tools used to apply this new metrics: Public Library of Science - Article-Level Metrics, Altmetric, Impactstory and Plum. © 2015, Croatian Society of Medical Biochemistry and Laboratory Medicine.	Altmetrics; Article-level metrics; Citation; Social media
Cramer H.; Lauche R.; Dobos G.	Characteristics of randomized controlled trials of yoga: A bibliometric analysis	2014	BMC Complementary and Alternative Medicine	10.1186/1472-6882-14-328	Background: A growing number of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have investigated the therapeutic value of yoga interventions. This bibliometric analysis aimed to provide a comprehensive review of the characteristics of the totality of available randomized yoga trials. Methods: All RCTs of yoga were eligible. Medline/PubMed, Scopus, the Cochrane Library, IndMED, and the tables of content of yoga specialty journals not listed in medical databases were screened through February 2014. Bibliometric data, data on participants, and intervention were extracted and analyzed descriptively. Results: Published between 1975 and 2014, a total of 366 papers were included, reporting 312 RCTs from 23 different countries with 22,548 participants. The median study sample size was 59 (range 8-410, interquartile range = 31, 93). Two hundred sixty-four RCTs (84.6%) were conducted with adults, 105 (33.7%) with older adults and 31 (9.9%) with children. Eighty-four RCTs (26.9%) were conducted with healthy participants. Other trials enrolled patients with one of 63 varied medical conditions; the most common being breast cancer (17 RCTs, 5.4%), depression (14 RCTs, 4.5%), asthma (14 RCTs, 4.5%) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (13 RCTs, 4.2%). Whilst 119 RCTs (38.1%) did not define the style of yoga used, 35 RCTs (11.2%) used Hatha yoga and 30 RCTs (9.6%) yoga breathing. The remaining 128 RCTs (41.0%) used 46 varied yoga styles, with a median intervention length of 9 weeks (range 1 day to 1 year; interquartile range = 5, 12). Two hundred and forty-four RCTs (78.2%) used yoga postures, 232 RCTs (74.4%) used breath control, 153 RCTs (49.0%) used meditation and 32 RCTs (10.3%) used philosophy lectures. One hundred and seventy-four RCTs (55.6%) compared yoga with no specific treatment; 21 varied control interventions were used in the remaining RCTs. Conclusions: This bibliometric analysis presents the most complete up-to-date overview on published randomized yoga trials. While the available research evidence is sparse for most conditions, there was a marked increase in published RCTs in recent years. © 2014 Cramer et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Complementary therapies; Randomized controlled trials; Review; Yoga
Silva E.G.; Teixeira A.A.C.	Surveying structural change: Seminal contributions and a bibliometric account	2008	Structural Change and Economic Dynamics	10.1016/j.strueco.2008.02.001	Structural change analysis has an important tradition in economic theory. However, up to the present date, no attempt had been made to provide an overall survey on the matter. This paper aims to fill this gap. To this end, bibliometric methods were applied, combining 9703 citations from the area's 'seed journal' with a review of 910 abstracts of all theoretical and empirical articles on structural change that were published over the past 40 years in the journals indexed in the Econlit. We testify the recent rise of interest in structural change where technological issues gained increasing relevance. The 1990s witnessed a spurt in formal work, but more recently such trend was not confirmed; on the contrary, there has been a strong impetus towards empirically led work. Our analysis further reveals that most contributions put great emphasis on technology-driven growth and lack an appropriate treatment of the demand side. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Econlit; Structural change
Agathokleous E.; Calabrese E.J.	Hormesis: The dose response for the 21st century: The future has arrived	2019	Toxicology	10.1016/j.tox.2019.152249	Dose-response is the backbone of toxicology, and one of the most debated scientific issues over the 20th century. It was in the last century that the scientific community applauded the discovery of the proportionality rule, so called linear non-threshold dose-response relationship. It was also in the same century that all the regulatory standards were framed around threshold and linear non-threshold models. At the same time, hormesis was a marginalized dose-response relationship often viewed as the extreme values of a data distribution in a Box and Whiskers plot. However, an analysis of bibliometric data indicates that the future has arrived, and hormesis is now revolutionizing toxicology and most research areas of biology. Hormesis celebrates its rebirth some 150 years after its discovery. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Biphasic response; Citations; Dose response; Hormesis
Garrido-Cardenas J.A.; Mesa-Valle C.; Manzano-Agugliaro F.	Trends in plant research using molecular markers	2018	Planta	10.1007/s00425-017-2829-y	Main conclusion: A deep bibliometric analysis has been carried out, obtaining valuable parameters that facilitate the understanding around the research in plant using molecular markers. The evolution of the improvement in the field of agronomy is fundamental for its adaptation to the new exigencies that the current world context raises. In addition, within these improvements, this article focuses on those related to the biotechnology sector. More specifically, the use of DNA markers that allow the researcher to know the set of genes associated with a particular quantitative trait or QTL. The use of molecular markers is widely extended, including: restriction fragment length polymorphism, random-amplified polymorphic DNA, amplified fragment length polymorphism, microsatellites, and single-nucleotide polymorphisms. In addition to classical methodology, new approaches based on the next generation sequencing are proving to be fundamental. In this article, a historical review of the molecular markers traditionally used in plants, since its birth and how the new molecular tools facilitate the work of plant breeders is carried out. The evolution of the most studied cultures from the point of view of molecular markers is also reviewed and other parameters whose prior knowledge can facilitate the approach of researchers to this field of research are analyzed. The bibliometric analysis of molecular markers in plants shows that top five countries in this research are: US, China, India, France, and Germany, and from 2013, this research is led by China. On the other hand, the basic research using Arabidopsis is deeper in France and Germany, while other countries focused its efforts in their main crops as the US for wheat or maize, while China and India for wheat and rice. © 2017, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.	AFLP; Microsatellite; QTL; RAPD; RFLP; SNP
Rad A.E.; Brinjikji W.; Cloft H.J.; Kallmes D.F.	The H-Index in Academic Radiology	2010	Academic Radiology	10.1016/j.acra.2010.03.011	Rationale and Objectives: The h index is a recently developed tool to assess the impact of an author's publications. The purpose of this study was to apply and evaluate the h indexes of US academic radiologists. Materials and Methods: Radiology programs that participated in the residency match in 2009 were identified through the National Resident Matching Program's Web site. One third of programs were randomly selected. The academic ranks (instructor, assistant professor, associate professor, professor, or chairperson) of faculty members were determined on the basis of information from the programs' Web sites during October and November 2009. One third of radiologists at each randomly selected institution were randomly selected for detailed analysis. For each radiologist, an automatically computed h index was obtained through the Scopus database. The h index was compared across ranks using analysis of variance. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was also performed to determine the best predictors (number of publications, number of citations, h index, and number of citations per publication) of academic rank. Results: Sixty hundred eighty-three radiologists from 47 programs were included in this study. The mean h indexes were 1.1 ± 2.7 for instructors, 2.3 ± 4.1 for assistant professors, 6.2 ± 7.2 for associate professors, 12.5 ± 10.8 for full professors, and 12.0 ± 9.5 for chairpersons. There was a significant relationship between h index and academic rank (P < .0001). Multivariate logistic regression analysis demonstrated that h index (P < .0001) and number of publications (P < .0001) were the best predictors of academic rank. Conclusion: There exists a significant relationship between h index and academic rank, with h index increasing with academic rank. These results offer a benchmark for comparing a given academic radiologist to national averages. © 2010 AUR.	H-index; impact factor; radiology
Cash-Gibson L.; Rojas-Gualdrón D.F.; Pericàs J.M.; Benach J.	Inequalities in global health inequalities research: A 50-year bibliometric analysis (1966-2015)	2018	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0191901	Background Increasing evidence shows that health inequalities exist between and within countries, and emphasis has been placed on strengthening the production and use of the global health inequalities research, so as to improve capacities to act. Yet, a comprehensive overview of this evidence base is still needed, to determine what is known about the global and historical scientific production on health inequalities to date, how is it distributed in terms of country income groups and world regions, how has it changed over time, and what international collaboration dynamics exist. Methods A comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the global scientific production on health inequalities, from 1966 to 2015, was conducted using Scopus database. The historical and global evolution of the study of health inequalities was considered, and through joinpoint regression analysis and visualisation network maps, the preceding questions were examined. Findings 159 countries (via authorship affiliation) contributed to this scientific production, three times as many countries than previously found. Scientific output on health inequalities has exponentially grown over the last five decades, with several marked shift points, and a visible country-income group affiliation gradient in the initiation and consistent publication frequency. Higher income countries, especially Anglo-Saxon and European countries, disproportionately dominate first and co-authorship, and are at the core of the global collaborative research networks, with the Global South on the periphery. However, several country anomalies exist that suggest that the causes of these research inequalities, and potential underlying dependencies, run deeper than simply differences in country income and language. Conclusions Whilst the global evidence base has expanded, Global North-South research gaps exist, persist and, in some cases, are widening. Greater understanding of the structural determinants of these research inequalities and national research capacities is needed, to further strengthen the evidence base, and support the long term agenda for global health equity. © 2018 Cash-Gibson et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Mucina L.	Classification of vegetation: Past, present and future	1997	Journal of Vegetation Science	10.2307/3237019	This paper is a report on the past, status-quo and perspectives of vegetation classification, still a major occupation of many vegetation scientists. The history of vegetation classification is discussed against a background of several controversial issues such as the problem of continuum vs. discontinuum, naturalness vs. arbitrariness of the nature of plant communities, universality vs. ad hoc character of syntaxonomic schemes, as well as classical versus numerical approaches to data analysis for classification purposes. The development of the methodology of vegetation science and the present image of vegetation classification is documented by a bibliometric analysis of the publication record of four major journals: Journal of Vegetation Science, Vegetatio, Phytocoenologia and Tuexenia. This analysis revealed a persisting controversy between traditional and numerical approaches to vegetation classification. A series of important changes in vegetation science (foundation of new journals, change of editorial policy by the established, important meetings) punctuate a period called the 'Innovation period'. Several trends in the development of methods of vegetation systematics are summarized under the headings formalism, pluralism, functionalism, pragmatism and indeterminism. Some new features, such as the development and improvement of numerical tools, use of large data banks and attempts to summarize the theory of vegetation classification are discussed. The new growth-form system of Barkman initiated a revival of physiognomy-based vegetation classification. Within this framework the use of the character-type concept and the development of new numerical methods for studying the hierarchical structure of character-set types seems to be a promising approach. The achievements of population biology and ecophysiology have affected vegetation science by emphasizing the functionality of species within plant communities. The use of guilds and other functional groups has experienced an increasing interest from vegetation scientists. Applied in vegetation science, fuzzy-set theory has bridged the techniques of classification and ordination of plant communities.	Bibliometrics; Braun-Blanquet approach; Formalism; Functionality; Innovation period; Numerical syntaxonomy; Scientometry; Vegetation theory
Meerow S.; Newell J.P.	Resilience and Complexity: A Bibliometric Review and Prospects for Industrial Ecology	2015	Journal of Industrial Ecology	10.1111/jiec.12252	Resilience is an increasingly popular concept in academic research and public discourse and is closely connected to complex systems theory. This article reviews research on resilience and complexity in industrial ecology and the broader academy by conducting a bibliometric analysis of the academic literature over a 40-year period (1973-2014). The review revealed a large body of scholarship composed of five clearly identifiable intellectual communities, with resilience theory from ecology especially influential. Based on the study of ecosystems, these scholars conceptualize resilience as a dynamic and adaptive property of systems with multiple stable states that evolve over time. In comparison, resilience research in industrial ecology is limited and underdeveloped. Bibliometric analysis of this literature yielded just 37 publications and a scholarly network with no well-formulated research communities. This contrasts with industrial ecology scholarship on sustainability; a similar search yielded 1,581 publications. Given the emerging importance of the resilience concept and its relevance for sustainability issues, industrial ecology should expand research efforts in this area. The growing body of industrial ecology scholarship on complex systems provides a foundation to do so, as does the field's long-standing practice of using ecological principles to inform the study and design of industrial ecosystems. The article concludes by discussing how industrial ecology would benefit from incorporating principles of dynamic resilience and, conversely, how industrial ecology approaches could advance broader resilience scholarship. © 2015 by Yale University.	Bibliometrics; Complex systems; Complexity; Industrial ecology; Resilience; Sustainability
Ence A.K.; Cope S.R.; Holliday E.B.; Somerson J.S.	Publication productivity and experience: Factors associated with academic rank among orthopaedic surgery faculty in the United States	2016	Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery - American Volume	10.2106/JBJS.15.00757	Background: Many factors play a role in academic promotion among orthopaedic surgeons. This study specifically examined the importance of publication productivity metrics, career duration, and sex on academic rank in orthopaedic surgery programs in the United States. Methods: Faculty at 142 civilian academic orthopaedic surgery departments in 2014 were identified. Geographic region, department size, and 3 specific faculty characteristics (sex, career duration, and academic position) were recorded. The Hirsch index (h-index), defined as the number (h) of an investigator's publications that have been cited at least h times, was recorded for each surgeon. The m-index was also calculated by dividing the h-index by career duration in years. Thresholds for the h-index and the m-index were identified between junior and senior academic ranks. Multivariate analysis was used to determine whether the 3 physician factors correlated independently with academic rank. Results: The analysis included 4,663 orthopaedic surgeons at 142 academic institutions (24.7% clinical faculty and 75.3% academic faculty). Among academic faculty, the median h-index was 5, the median career duration was 15 years, and the median m-index was 0.37. Thresholds between junior and senior faculty status were 12 for the h-index and 0.51 for the m-index. Female academic faculty had a lower median h-index (3 compared with 5; p < 0.001) and career duration (10 years compared with 16 years; p < 0.001) than male academic faculty, but had a similar median m-index (0.33 compared with 0.38; p = 0.103). A higher h-index and longer career duration correlated independently with an increased probability of senior academic rank (p < 0.001), but sex did not (p = 0.217). Conclusions: This analysis demonstrates that a higher h-index and m-index correlate with a higher academic orthopaedic faculty rank. Although female surgeons had a lower median h-index and a shorter median career duration than male continued surgeons, theirm-index was not significantly different, and thus sex was not an independent predictor for senior academic rank. The identified thresholds (h-index of 12 and m-index of 0.51) between junior and senior academic ranks may be considered as factors in promotion considerations. © 2016 By the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Incorporated.	N/A
Sengupta I.N.	Bibliometrics, informetrics, scientometrics and librametrics: An overview	1992	Libri	10.1515/libr.1992.42.2.75	Bibliometrics, informetrics, scientometrics and librametrics are four measuring techniques in library and Information science. These are analogous, or rather synonymous, terms with intermingled aims and objectives and äs such they need some elucidation. This paperdiscusses their scope, application, development and potential in solving various problems pertaining to library and Information sciences. © 1992, Munksgaard	N/A
Fetscherin M.; Usunier J.-C.	Corporate branding: An interdisciplinary literature review	2012	European Journal of Marketing	10.1108/03090561211212494	Purpose: This paper aims to examine how scholarly research on corporate branding has evolved using bibliometric author co-citation analysis of articles published between 1969 and 2008 on corporate branding. Design/methodology/approach: The bibliography was compiled using the ISI Web of Science database. The authors searched articles published between 1969 and 2008 that used terms in their title related to their research scope. Then they used citation mapping to visualize the relationships between and among key works in the field. Findings: The search resulted in 264 papers by 412 authors in 150 journals. The field is notably interdisciplinary, with articles published mainly in business, management, architecture, arts and communications disciplines. The authors found three main approaches to corporate branding research (internal, transactional, external) with seven core research streams: product, service and sponsorship evaluation; corporate and visual identity; employment image and application; corporate crime; financial performance; brand extension; and corporate image. They also identified emerging fields such as corporate branding combined with corporate social responsibility. Research limitations/implications: This research is limited by the database and the terms used for the search. Self-citations were also included. The authors used citation mapping and content analysis to identify core research streams. Originality/value: The article is singular in using bibliometrics by means of author co-citation analyses to identify, analyze and visualize key articles about corporate branding in the last 40 years. The results demonstrate the impact of selected institutions, journals, and key articles and authors on the research field. © Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; Brands; Business history; Corporate branding; Corporate identity; Corporate image; Corporate reputation
Kostoff R.N.; Toothman D.R.; Eberhart H.J.; Humenik J.A.	Text mining using database tomography and bibliometrics: A review	2001	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/S0040-1625(01)00133-0	Database tomography (DT) is a textual database analysis system consisting of two major components: (1) algorithms for extracting multiword phrase frequencies and phrase proximities (physical closeness of the multiword technical phrase) from any type of large textual database, to augment (2) interpretative capabilities of the expert human analyst. DT has been used to derive technical intelligence from a variety of textual database sources, most recently the published technical literature as exemplified by the Science Citation Index (SCI) and the Engineering Compendex (EC). Phrase frequency analysis (the occurence frequency of multiword technical phrases) provides the pervasive technical themes of the topical databases of interest, and phrase proximity analysis provides the relationships among the pervasive technical themes. In the structured published literature databases, bibliometric analysis of the database records supplements the DT results by identfying: the recent most prolific topical area authors; the journals that contain numerous topical area papers; the institutions that produce numerous topical area papers; the keywords specified most frequently by the topical area authors; the authors whose works are cited most frequently in the topical area papers; and the particular papers and journals cited most frequently in the topical area papers. This review paper summarizes: (1) the theory and background development of DT; (2) past published and unpublished literature study results; (3) present application activities; (4) potential expansion to new DT applications. In addition, application of DT to technology forecasting is addressed. © 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Cluster; Database tomography; Information extraction; Information retrieval; Innovation; Taxonomies; Text mining
Meo S.A.; Al Masri A.A.; Usmani A.M.; Memon A.N.; Zaidi S.Z.	Impact of GDP, Spending on R&D, Number of Universities and Scientific Journals on Research Publications among Asian Countries	2013	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0066449	Objectives:This study aimed to compare the impact of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita, spending on Research and Development (R&D), number of universities, and Indexed Scientific Journals on total number of research documents (papers), citations per document and Hirsch index (H-index) in various science and social science subjects among Asian countries.Materials and Methods:In this study, 40 Asian countries were included. The information regarding Asian countries, their GDP per capita, spending on R&D, total number of universities and indexed scientific journals were collected. We recorded the bibliometric indicators, including total number of research documents, citations per document and H-index in various science and social sciences subjects during the period 1996-2011. The main sources for information were World Bank, SCI-mago/Scopus and Web of Science; Thomson Reuters.Results:The mean per capita GDP for all the Asian countries is 14448.31±2854.40 US$, yearly per capita spending on R&D 0.64±0.16 US$, number of universities 72.37±18.32 and mean number of ISI indexed journal per country is 17.97±7.35. The mean of research documents published in various science and social science subjects among all the Asian countries during the period 1996-2011 is 158086.92±69204.09; citations per document 8.67±0.48; and H-index 122.8±19.21. Spending on R&D, number of universities and indexed journals have a positive correlation with number of published documents, citations per document and H-index in various science and social science subjects. However, there was no association between the per capita GDP and research outcomes.Conclusion:The Asian countries who spend more on R&D have a large number of universities and scientific indexed journals produced more in research outcomes including total number of research publication, citations per documents and H-index in various science and social science subjects. © 2013 Meo et al.	N/A
Cruz S.C.S.; Teixeira A.A.C.	The evolution of the cluster literature: Shedding light on the regional studies-regional science debate	2010	Regional Studies	10.1080/00343400903234670	CRUZ S. C. S. and TEIXEIRA A. A. C. The evolution of the cluster literature: shedding light on the regional studies-regional science debate, Regional Studies. Despite the intuitive awareness about the rising importance of the cluster literature, an empirical study on its precise magnitude and evolution has yet to be accomplished. Based on two complementary bibliometric exercises - comprising 50 000 citations and almost 3000 abstracts, ranging in date from 1962 to 2008 - it was demonstrated that although seminal contributors come both from regional science and regional studies areas, the 'convergence' between regional science and regional studies approaches is still a chimera. © 2010 Regional Studies Association.	Bibliometrics; Clusters; Industrial clusters; Industrial location
Fanelli D.; Glänzel W.	Bibliometric Evidence for a Hierarchy of the Sciences	2013	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0066938	"The hypothesis of a Hierarchy of the Sciences, first formulated in the 19th century, predicts that, moving from simple and general phenomena (e.g. particle dynamics) to complex and particular (e.g. human behaviour), researchers lose ability to reach theoretical and methodological consensus. This hypothesis places each field of research along a continuum of complexity and ""softness"", with profound implications for our understanding of scientific knowledge. Today, however, the idea is still unproven and philosophically overlooked, too often confused with simplistic dichotomies that contrast natural and social sciences, or science and the humanities. Empirical tests of the hypothesis have usually compared few fields and this, combined with other limitations, makes their results contradictory and inconclusive. We verified whether discipline characteristics reflect a hierarchy, a dichotomy or neither, by sampling nearly 29,000 papers published contemporaneously in 12 disciplines and measuring a set of parameters hypothesised to reflect theoretical and methodological consensus. The biological sciences had in most cases intermediate values between the physical and the social, with bio-molecular disciplines appearing harder than zoology, botany or ecology. In multivariable analyses, most of these parameters were independent predictors of the hierarchy, even when mathematics and the humanities were included. These results support a ""gradualist"" view of scientific knowledge, suggesting that the Hierarchy of the Sciences provides the best rational framework to understand disciplines' diversity. A deeper grasp of the relationship between subject matter's complexity and consensus could have profound implications for how we interpret, publish, popularize and administer scientific research. © 2013 Fanelli, Daniele."	N/A
Madani F.; Weber C.	The evolution of patent mining: Applying bibliometrics analysis and keyword network analysis	2016	World Patent Information	10.1016/j.wpi.2016.05.008	Text mining methods allow researchers to investigate technical documents (tech mining) and specifically explore patents for valuable information (patent mining. To the review literature and analyze the evolution of patent analysis and patent mining methods, bibliometrics analysis and keyword-based network analysis is applied on 143 papers extracted from the 'Web of science' database. Bibliometrics analysis was applied to determine top players researching in patent mining. Applying cluster analysis on the keyword network shows three main stages of patent analysis evolution. Also, it is discussed how patent mining is evolutionized in terms of information retrieval, pattern recognition and pattern analysis. © 2016 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics analysis; CiteSpace; Cluster analysis; Keyword network analysis; Patent mining; Technology mining
Stoumpos A.I.; Kitsios F.; Talias M.A.	Digital Transformation in Healthcare: Technology Acceptance and Its Applications	2023	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph20043407	Technological innovation has become an integral aspect of our daily life, such as wearable and information technology, virtual reality and the Internet of Things which have contributed to transforming healthcare business and operations. Patients will now have a broader range and more mindful healthcare choices and experience a new era of healthcare with a patient-centric culture. Digital transformation determines personal and institutional health care. This paper aims to analyse the changes taking place in the field of healthcare due to digital transformation. For this purpose, a systematic bibliographic review is performed, utilising Scopus, Science Direct and PubMed databases from 2008 to 2021. Our methodology is based on the approach by Wester and Watson, which classify the related articles based on a concept-centric method and an ad hoc classification system which identify the categories used to describe areas of literature. The search was made during August 2022 and identified 5847 papers, of which 321 fulfilled the inclusion criteria for further process. Finally, by removing and adding additional studies, we ended with 287 articles grouped into five themes: information technology in health, the educational impact of e-health, the acceptance of e-health, telemedicine and security issues. © 2023 by the authors.	acceptance of technology; artificial intelligence; bibliometric; digital transformation; digitalisation; e-health; m-health; personalised healthcare; security; telemedicine
Falagas M.E.; Zarkali A.; Karageorgopoulos D.E.; Bardakas V.; Mavros M.N.	The Impact of Article Length on the Number of Future Citations: A Bibliometric Analysis of General Medicine Journals	2013	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0049476	Background: The number of citations received is considered an index of study quality and impact. We aimed to examine the factors associated with the number of citations of published articles, focusing on the article length. Methods: Original human studies published in the first trimester of 2006 in 5 major General Medicine journals were analyzed with regard to the number of authors and of author-affiliated institutions, title and abstract word count, article length (number of print pages), number of bibliographic references, study design, and 2006 journal impact factor (JIF). A multiple linear regression model was employed to identify the variables independently associated with the number of article citations received through January 2012. Results: On univariate analysis the JIF, number of authors, article length, study design (interventional/observational and prospective/retrospective), title and abstract word count, number of author-affiliated institutions, and number of references were all associated with the number of citations received. On multivariate analysis with the logarithm of citations as the dependent variable, only article length [regression coefficient: 14.64 (95% confidence intervals: (5.76-23.50)] and JIF [3.37 (1.80-4.948)] independently predicted the number of citations. The variance of citations explained by these parameters was 51.2%. Conclusion: In a sample of articles published in major General Medicine journals, in addition to journal impact factors, article length and number of authors independently predicted the number of citations. This may reflect a higher complexity level and quality of longer and multi-authored studies. © 2013 Falagas et al.	N/A
Gundolf K.; Filser M.	Management Research and Religion: A Citation Analysis	2013	Journal of Business Ethics	10.1007/s10551-012-1240-7	Research on management with regard to religion became a growing field of interest in the last decades. Nevertheless, the impact of religion on actor's economic behavior is also an old research topic, as the writings of Max Weber (The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism, Allen and Unwin, London, 1930) underline. The purpose of this contribution is to highlight the developments of this topic and to guide scholars to identify possible gaps. The structuring and investigation on this topic will help us to advance and better understand past research, while leading to some further reflections. We conduct a citation analysis of 215 articles and 7,968 cited references to examine the citation structure and make out the most-influential publications that have shaped research most so far. On the basis of the analysis it is to be assumed that three research streams affect progress: Best practices regarding performance issues, religion at work as well as religion, and personal ethics. Finally, the publications that each topic-clusters contains are reflected and discussed to achieve a structural overview of the state of the art of research. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Content analysis; Management religion
Catalini C.; Lacetera N.; Oettl A.	The incidence and role of negative citations in science	2015	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.1502280112	"Citations to previous literature are extensively used to measure the quality and diffusion of knowledge. However, we know little about the different ways in which a study can be cited; in particular, are papers cited to point out their merits or their flaws? We elaborated a methodology to characterize ""negative"" citations using bibliometric data and natural language processing. We found that negative citations concerned higher-quality papers, were focused on a study's findings rather than theories or methods, and originated from scholars who were closer to the authors of the focal paper in terms of discipline and social distance, but not geographically. Receiving a negative citation was also associated with a slightly faster decline in citations to the paper in the long run."	N/A
Patsopoulos N.A.; Analatos A.A.; Ioannidis J.P.A.	Origin and funding of the most frequently cited papers in medicine: Database analysis	2006	British Medical Journal	10.1136/bmj.38768.420139.80	Objective: To evaluate changes in the role of academics and the sources of funding for the medical research cited most frequently over the past decade. Design: Database analysis. Data sources: Web of Knowledge database. Methods: For each year from 1994 to 2003, articles in the domain of clinical medicine that had been cited most often by the end of 2004 were identified. Changes in author's affiliations and funding sources were evaluated. Results: Of the 289 frequently cited articles, most had at least one author with a university (76%) or hospital (57%) affiliation, and the proportion of articles with each type of affiliation was constant over time. Government or public funding was most common (60% of articles), followed by industry (36%). The proportion of most frequently cited articles funded by industry increased over time (odds ratio 1.17 per year, P = 0.001) and was equal to the proportion funded by government or public sources by 2001. 65 of the 77 most cited randomised controlled trials received funding from industry, and the proportion increased significantly over time (odds ratio 1.59 per year, P = 0.003). 18 of the 32 most cited trials published after 1999 were funded by industry alone. Conclusion: Academic affiliations remain prominent among the authors of me most frequently cited medical research. Such research is increasingly funded by industry, often exclusively so. Academics may be losing control of the clinical research agenda.	N/A
Tang M.; Liao H.; Wan Z.; Herrera-Viedma E.; Rosen M.A.	Ten years of Sustainability (2009 to 2018): A bibliometric overview	2018	Sustainability (Switzerland)	10.3390/su10051655	Sustainability (SUS) is a journal in the field of environmental, cultural, economic and social sustainability of human beings and civilization, which was founded in 2009. This paper provides a comprehensive bibliometric overview of the journal and 6459 publications from 2009 to 2018. In the paper, we first introduce the materials and methods used. Next, we provide the bibliometric results in four parts. In the first part, we present the publication structure and citation structure of SUS, including annual trends of publications and citations, sources that cite SUS publications, and the most highly cited papers in SUS. The primary influential countries and institutes as well as their co-authorship networks are illustrated in the second part. The co-citation networks of cited references, journals and authors are shown in the third part. Finally, the co-occurrence network of keywords and bursting citation keywords is detected. VOSviewer and CiteSpace software packages are used for graphical visualization. © 2018 by the authors.	Bibliometrics; Citations; CiteSpace; Co-citation; Sustainability; VOSviewer
Araujo Galvão G.D.; De Nadae J.; Clemente D.H.; Chinen G.; De Carvalho M.M.	Circular Economy: Overview of Barriers	2018	Procedia CIRP	10.1016/j.procir.2018.04.011	Circular economy has emerged as a way to achieve sustainability. Although interest in the subject is growing rapidly, barriers to its implementation are still in place. In this study, a number of barriers are identified and grouped through a content analysis. The present article adopted bibliometric research as a methodological approach. The research method combined bibliometric, networks and content analysis. The sample is composed of 195 articles extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection and Scopus databases. The main barriers identified in the literature were: (i) technological, (ii)policy and regulatory, (iii) financial and economic, (iv) managerial, (v) performance indicators, (vi) customer and (vii) Social. © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V.	barriers; bibliometrics; challenges; circular economy; qualitativy content analysis
Rose M.E.; Kitchin J.R.	pybliometrics: Scriptable bibliometrics using a Python interface to Scopus	2019	SoftwareX	10.1016/j.softx.2019.100263	We present a wrapper for the Scopus RESTful API written for Python 3. The wrapper allows users to access the Scopus database via user-friendly interfaces and can be used without prior knowledge of RESTful APIs. The package provides classes to interact with different Scopus APIs to retrieve information as diverse as citation counts, author information or document abstracts. Files are cached to speed up subsequent analysis. The package addresses all users of Scopus data, such as researchers working in Science of Science or evaluators. It facilitates reproducibility of research projects and enhances data integrity for researchers using Scopus data. © 2019 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Python; Scientometrics; Scopus; Software
Winkowska J.; Szpilko D.; Pejić S.	Smart city concept in the light of the literature review	2019	Engineering Management in Production and Services	10.2478/emj-2019-0012	Nowadays, the transformations of metropolises into smart cities is a crucial factor in improving the living conditions of the inhabitants. The goal of the smart city concept is modern urban management using technical tools that offer state-of-the-art technologies, considering the applicable ecological standards while saving resources and achieving the expected results. The purpose of this article is to identify the areas of research analysed in the international literature in the field of smart cities. The bibliometric analysis was carried out to achieve the purpose. The analysis covered publications on smart cities published in Scopus and Web of Science databases from January 2009 to May 2019. Based on the bibliometric analysis, a bibliometric map was developed using the mapping technique VOS - the visualisation of similarities. Original clusters were created using the VOSviewer software. The bibliometric map visualises the results of the analysis that targeted the word coexistence. © 2019 De Gruyter Open Ltd. All rights reserved.	bibliometric map; smart city; smart city subareas
Ranjbari M.; Saidani M.; Shams Esfandabadi Z.; Peng W.; Lam S.S.; Aghbashlo M.; Quatraro F.; Tabatabaei M.	Two decades of research on waste management in the circular economy: Insights from bibliometric, text mining, and content analyses	2021	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2021.128009	Achieving environmental sustainability and transition from a linear economy to a circular economy (CE) highly relies on effective waste management (WM) and how waste is treated as a potential future resource. This research aims to provide an inclusive map of the scientific background of WM in the CE context over the last two decades from 2001 to 2020 to identify its salient research themes and trends, main characteristics, evolution, and potentially valuable directions for future studies. To achieve that, the following research questions were addressed by applying a mixed-method approach including bibliometric, text mining, and content analyses: (i) how has the field of WM research evolved within the CE domain? (ii) what are the salient research themes and trends of WM in the CE? and (iii) what are the possible directions for future research on WM within the CE context? As a result, the synthesized bibliometric networks were constructed and analyzed for a total of 962 journal articles extracted from the Web of Science database to visualize the main body of literature. Consequently, the seven major research themes of WM in the CE context were identified as follows: (1) bio-based WM; (2) CE transition; (3) electronic waste; (4) municipal solid waste; (5) environmental impacts and lifecycle assessment; (6) plastic waste; and (7) construction and demolition WM. The provided inclusive research landscape of WM systems, and its prominent highlight patterns can serve as a base for a real-time guideline to lead further research areas and as a tool to support WM policy-makers and practitioners to support the CE transition (which aims to minimize the waste generation). Finally, the future research directions to better position WM research activities within the CE context as a waste minimization approach are provided. © 2021	Bibliometric analysis; Circular economy; Content analysis; Environmental sustainability; Text mining; Waste management
Hou Q.; Mao G.; Zhao L.; Du H.; Zuo J.	Mapping the scientific research on life cycle assessment: a bibliometric analysis	2015	International Journal of Life Cycle Assessment	10.1007/s11367-015-0846-2	Purpose: A bibliometric analysis of life cycle assessment (LCA)-related research literature is reported in this study. Based on databases of Science Citation Index (SCI), Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index—Science (CPCI-S), and Conference Proceedings Citation Index—Social Science & Humanities (CPCI-SSH), this study aims to evaluate the research trends of LCA-related research literature from 1998 to 2013 by using bibliometric techniques. Methods: The documents were analyzed according to their type, language(s), subject(s), journal(s), citation analysis of articles, authors’ address information, and keyword distribution, etc. H-index and impact factor (IF) were applied to characterize the LCA publications. Furthermore, co-word analysis and social network analysis (SNA) were employed to evaluate the interactions in this research field. The findings showed that the pace of publishing in this field increased exponentially over past 16 years. Results and discussion: A total of 6616 records were obtained from the four databases. Journal articles are the most frequently used document type representing 74.33 % (4918) of the records, and English is the dominant language with 5914 records (97.53 %). The most common subject category is environmental sciences, and the most productive journal is International Journal of Life Cycle Assessment. The USA, focusing on “energy,” “industrial ecology,” and “greenhouse gas emissions,” is the most productive country in the research field of LCA. Technology University of Denmark is the most productive institute all over the world over the past 16 years. According to the ranking of keywords, “greenhouse gas,” “energy”, and “biofuel” are the hotspots of LCA research. The main purpose of LCA is sustainability assessment whereas climate change is one of the most outstanding environmental issues. Conclusions: By identifying global hotspots in the LCA research, this study provides a useful reference to researchers for the future research directions. © 2015, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.	Bibliometric; Co-word analysis; H-index; Impact factor; Life cycle assessment; Social network analysis
Hall K.L.; Stokols D.; Stipelman B.A.; Vogel A.L.; Feng A.; Masimore B.; Morgan G.; Moser R.P.; Marcus S.E.; Berrigan D.	Assessing the value of team science: A study comparing center- and investigator-initiated grants	2012	American Journal of Preventive Medicine	10.1016/j.amepre.2011.10.011	Background: Large cross-disciplinary scientific teams are becoming increasingly prominent in the conduct of research. Purpose: This paper reports on a quasi-experimental longitudinal study conducted to compare bibliometric indicators of scientific collaboration, productivity, and impact of center-based transdisciplinary team science initiatives and traditional investigator- initiated grants in the same field. Methods: All grants began between 1994 and 2004 and up to 10 years of publication data were collected for each grant. Publication information was compiled and analyzed during the spring and summer of 2010. Results: Following an initial lag period, the transdisciplinary research center grants had higher overall publication rates than the investigator-initiated R01 (NIH Research Project Grant Program) grants. There were relatively uniform publication rates across the research center grants compared to dramatically dispersed publication rates among the R01 grants. On average, publications produced by the research center grants had greater numbers of coauthors but similar journal impact factors compared with publications produced by the R01 grants. Conclusions: The lag in productivity among the transdisciplinary center grants was offset by their overall higher publication rates and average number of coauthors per publication, relative to investigator-initiated grants, over the 10-year comparison period. The findings suggest that transdisciplinary center grants create benefits for both scientific productivity and collaboration.	N/A
Gerrish S.M.; Blei D.M.	A language-based approach to measuring scholarly impact	2010	ICML 2010 - Proceedings, 27th International Conference on Machine Learning	N/A	Identifying the most influential documents in a corpus is an important problem in many fields, from information science and historiography to text summarization and news aggregation. Un-fortunately, traditional bibliometrics such as citations are often not available. We propose using changes in the thematic content of documents over time to measure the importance of individual documents within the collection. We describe a dynamic topic model for both quantifying and qualifying the impact of these documents. We validate the model by analyzing three large corpora of scientific articles. Our measurement of a document's impact correlates significantly with its number of citations. Copyright 2010 by the author(s)/owner(s).	N/A
Lokker C.; McKibbon K.A.; McKinlay R.J.; Wilczynski N.L.; Haynes R.B.	Prediction of citation counts for clinical articles at two years using data available within three weeks of publication: Retrospective cohort study	2008	BMJ	10.1136/bmj.39482.526713.BE	Objective: To determine if citation counts at two years could be predicted for clinical articles that pass basic criteria for critical appraisal using data within three weeks of publication from external sources and an online article rating service. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Online rating service, Canada. Participants: 1274 articles from 105 journals published from January to June 2005, randomly divided into a 60:40 split to provide derivation and validation datasets. Main outcome measures: 20 article and journal features, including ratings of clinical relevance and newsworthiness, routinely collected by the McMaster online rating of evidence system, compared with citation counts at two years. Results: The derivation regression equation accounted for 60% of the variation (R2=0.60, 95% confidence interval 0.538 to 0.629). This model applied to the validation dataset gave a similar prediction (R 2=0.56, 0.476 to 0.596, shrinkage 0.04; shrinkage measures how well the derived equation matches data from the validation dataset). Cited articles in the top half and top third were predicted with 83% and 61% sensitivity and 72% and 82% specificity. Higher citations were predicted by indexing in numerous databases; number of authors; abstraction in synoptic journals; clinical relevance scores; number of cited references; and original, multicentred, and therapy articles from journals with a greater proportion of articles abstracted. Conclusion: Citation counts can be reliably predicted at two years using data within three weeks of publication.	N/A
Sarewitz D.	The pressure to publish pushes down quality	2016	Nature	10.1038/533147a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Balbach E.D.; Gasior R.J.; Barbeau E.M.	R.J. Reynolds' Targeting of African Americans: 1988-2000	2003	American Journal of Public Health	10.2105/AJPH.93.5.822	Objectives. The purpose of this study was to describe RJ Reynolds (RJR) Tobacco Company's strategy for targeting African Americans, as revealed in tobacco industry documents and magazine advertisements. Methods. The authors searched industry documents to determine RJR's strategies and analyzed magazine advertising during 2 periods: the time of the launch of the company's Uptown cigarette (1989-1990) and a decade later (1999-2000). Results. RJR's efforts to target the African American market segment existed before and after Uptown, and the company's strategy was largely implemented via other RJR brands. Advertisements featured mentholated cigarettes, fantasy/escape, expensive objects, and nightlife. Conclusions. To help all populations become tobacco-free, tobacco control practitioners must understand and counter tobacco industry strategies.	N/A
Peoples B.K.; Midway S.R.; Sackett D.; Lynch A.; Cooney P.B.	Twitter predicts citation rates of ecological research	2016	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0166570	The relationship between traditional metrics of research impact (e.g., number of citations) and alternative metrics (altmetrics) such as Twitter activity are of great interest, but remain imprecisely quantified. We used generalized linear mixed modeling to estimate the relative effects of Twitter activity, journal impact factor, and time since publication on Web of Science citation rates of 1,599 primary research articles from 20 ecology journals published from 2012-2014. We found a strong positive relationship between Twitter activity (i.e., the number of unique tweets about an article) and number of citations. Twitter activity was a more important predictor of citation rates than 5-year journal impact factor. Moreover, Twitter activity was not driven by journal impact factor; the 'highest-impact' journals were not necessarily the most discussed online. The effect of Twitter activity was only about a fifth as strong as time since publication; accounting for this confounding factor was critical for estimating the true effects of Twitter use. Articles in impactful journals can become heavily cited, but articles in journals with lower impact factors can generate considerable Twitter activity and also become heavily cited. Authors may benefit from establishing a strong social media presence, but should not expect research to become highly cited solely through social media promotion. Our research demonstrates that altmetrics and traditional metrics can be closely related, but not identical. We suggest that both altmetrics and traditional citation rates can be useful metrics of research impact. © This is an open access article, free of all copyright, and may be freely reproduced, distributed, transmitted, modified, built upon, or otherwise used by anyone for any lawful purpose. The work is made available under the Creative Commons CC0 public domain dedication.	N/A
Ghimire S.; Kyung E.; Kang W.; Kim E.	Assessment of adherence to the CONSORT statement for quality of reports on randomized controlled trial abstracts from four high-impact general medical journals	2012	Trials	10.1186/1745-6215-13-77	Background: The extended Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) Statement for Abstracts was developed to improve the quality of reports of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) because readers often base their assessment of a trial solely on the abstract. To date, few data exist regarding whether it has achieved this goal. We evaluated the extent of adherence to the CONSORT for Abstract statement for quality of reports on RCT abstracts by four high-impact general medical journals.Methods: A descriptive analysis of published RCT abstracts in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), The Lancet, The Journal of American Medical Association (JAMA), and the British Medical Journal (BMJ) in the year 2010 was conducted by two reviewers, independently extracting data from a MEDLINE/PubMed search.Results: We identified 271 potential RCT abstracts meeting our inclusion criteria. More than half of the abstracts identified the study as randomized in the title (58.7%; 159/271), reported the specific objective/hypothesis (72.7%; 197/271), described participant eligibility criteria with settings for data collection (60.9%; 165/271), detailed the interventions for both groups (90.8%; 246/271), and clearly defined the primary outcome (94.8%; 257/271). However, the methodological quality domains were inadequately reported: allocation concealment (11.8%; 32/271) and details of blinding (21.0%; 57/271). Reporting the primary outcome results for each group was done in 84.1% (228/271). Almost all of the abstracts reported trial registration (99.3%; 269/271), whereas reports of funding and of harm or side effects from the interventions were found in only 47.6% (129/271) and 42.8% (116/271) of the abstracts, respectively.Conclusions: These findings show inconsistencies and non-adherence to the CONSORT for abstract guidelines, especially in the methodological quality domains. Improvements in the quality of RCT reports can be expected by adhering to existing standards and guidelines as expressed by the CONSORT group. © 2012 Ghimire et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.	CONSORT for abstracts; General medical journals; Quality of reports; Randomized controlled trials
Fardi A.; Kodonas K.; Gogos C.; Economides N.	Top-cited articles in endodontic journals	2011	Journal of Endodontics	10.1016/j.joen.2011.05.037	Introduction: The purpose of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles published in journals dedicated to endodontology and analyze their characteristics to describe the quality and evolution of research in the field of endodontology. Methods: The Institute for Scientific Information Web of Knowledge Database and the Journal Citation Report Science Editions were used to retrieve the 100 most cited articles published in journals dedicated to endodontics. The top-cited articles were selected and analyzed with regard to journals, authors, institution, country of origin, publication title and year, number of citations, article type, study design, level of evidence, and field of study. Results: The top 100 articles were cited between 87 and 554 times. These articles appeared in 4 different journals, with more than half in the Journal of Endodontics, followed by the journals Oral Surgery Oral Medicine Oral Pathology Oral Radiology and Endodontology, the International Endodontic Journal, and Endodontics & Dental Traumatology. Forty-eight articles were published between 1990 and 1999. All articles were published in English and primarily originated from the United States (n = 52). The majority of articles were basic science articles (n = 55), followed by clinical research studies (n = 28) and nonsystematic reviews (n = 17). Uncontrolled case series with level IV of evidence and narrative reviews with level V of evidence were the most frequent types of study design. The main topics covered by the top-cited articles were microleakage and endodontic microbiology. Conclusions: This analysis of citation rates reveals useful and interesting information about scientific progress in the field of endodontics. Basic research and observational studies published in high-impact endodontic journals had the highest citation rates. © 2011 American Association of Endodontists.	Bibliometrics; citation analysis; endodontics
Illes J.; Kirschen M.P.; Gabrieli J.D.E.	From neuroimaging to neuroethics	2003	Nature Neuroscience	10.1038/nn0303-205	[No abstract available]	N/A
Alexander Haslam S.	Making good theory practical: Five lessons for an Applied Social Identity Approach to challenges of organizational, health, and clinical psychology	2014	British Journal of Social Psychology	10.1111/bjso.12061	Social identity research was pioneered as a distinctive theoretical approach to the analysis of intergroup relations but over the last two decades it has increasingly been used to shed light on applied issues. One early application of insights from social identity and self-categorization theories was to the organizational domain (with a particular focus on leadership), but more recently there has been a surge of interest in applications to the realm of health and clinical topics. This article charts the development of this Applied Social Identity Approach, and abstracts five core lessons from the research that has taken this forward. (1) Groups and social identities matter because they have a critical role to play in organizational and health outcomes. (2) Self-categorizations matter because it is people's self-understandings in a given context that shape their psychology and behaviour. (3) The power of groups is unlocked by working with social identities not across or against them. (4) Social identities need to be made to matter in deed not just in word. (5) Psychological intervention is always political because it always involves some form of social identity management. Programmes that seek to incorporate these principles are reviewed and important challenges and opportunities for the future are identified. © 2014 The British Psychological Society.	Health; Leadership; Organization; Self-categorization; Social identity
Albrecht J.; Meves A.; Bigby M.	Case reports and case series from Lancet had significant impact on medical literature	2005	Journal of Clinical Epidemiology	10.1016/j.jclinepi.2005.04.003	Background and Objectives: Case reports and case series are often the first evidence of innovative treatment, but clinical trials need to follow to substantiate this evidence. The objective of this article was to evaluate case reports or case series describing innovative treatment concerning their impact. Methods: Case reports and case series (n ≤ 10) from a high-impact journal, The Lancet, published from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1997, were evaluated according to predefined criteria. To assess publication impact, Pubmed, Science Citation Index, the Register of Current Controlled Clinical Trials, and the Cochrance Controlled Clinical Trials Register were searched. Results: Sixty-four case reports and 39 case series were identified. They were cited in average 17 times (median 6,5; range 0-336). Twenty-Four follow-up trials were identified, nine in the register of current controlled clinical trials. Conclusion: Case reports and case series can be well received, and have significant influence on subsequent literature and possibly on clinical practice. Many were followed by clinical trials. Often, though, they report rare conditions for which trials may not be feasible, and more or less explicitly transfer established treatment into other conditions. Overall, there is a strong publication bias favoring positive results, and opportunity should be created for publication of follow-up reports. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Case reports; Case series; Clinical research; Clinical trials; Impact factor; Publication bias; Review
Glanville J.; Kendrick T.; McNally R.; Campbell J.; Hobbs F.D.R.	Research output on primary care in Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United States: Bibliometric analysis	2011	BMJ	10.1136/bmj.d1028	Objective: To compare the volume and quality of original research in primary care published by researchers from primary care in the United Kingdom against five countries with well established academic primary care. Design: Bibliometric analysis. Setting: United Kingdom, United States, Australia, Canada, Germany, and the Netherlands. Studies reviewed: Research publications relevant to comprehensive primary care and authored by researchers from primary care, recorded in Medline and Embase, with publication dates 2001-7 inclusive. Main outcome measures: Volume of published activity of generalist primary care researchers and the quality of the research output by those publishing the most using citation metrics: numbers of cited papers, proportion of cited papers, and mean citation scores. Results: 82 169 papers published between 2001 and 2007 in the six countries were classified as research on primary care. In a 15% pragmatic random sample of these records, 40% of research on primary care from the United Kingdom and 46% from the Netherlands was authored by researchers employed in a primary care setting or employed in academic departments of primary care. The 141 researchers with the highest volume of publications reporting research findings published between 2001 and 2007 (inclusive) authored or part authored 8.3% of the total sample of papers. For authors with the highest proportion of publications cited at least five times, the best performers came from the United States (n=5), United Kingdom (n=4), and the Netherlands (n=2). In the top 10 of authors with the highest proportions of publications achieving 20 or more citations, six were from the United Kingdom and four from the United States. The mean Hirsch index (measure of a researcher's productivity and impact of the published work) was 14 for the Netherlands, 13 for the United Kingdom, 12 for the United States, 7 for Canada, 4 for Australia, and 3 for Germany. Conclusion: This international comparison of the volume and citation rates of papers by researchers from primary care consistently placed UK researchers among the best performers internationally.	N/A
Fatehi F.; Wootton R.	Telemedicine, telehealth or e-health? A bibliometric analysis of the trends in the use of these terms	2012	Journal of Telemedicine and Telecare	10.1258/jtt.2012.GTH108	The terms 'telemedicine', 'telehealth' and 'e-health' are often used interchangeably. We examined the occurrence of these terms in the Scopus database. A total of 11,644 documents contained one of the three terms in the title or abstract. Telemedicine was the most common term, with 8028 documents referring to it, followed by e-health (n = 2573) and then telehealth (n = 1679). Telemedicine was referred to in documents from 126 countries; the terms telehealth and e-health were found in publications from 55 and 99 countries, respectively. Documents with telemedicine in their title or abstract first appeared in 1972, and continued to appear at a low rate until 1994 when they started to increase rapidly; telehealth showed a similar pattern, but with the growth beginning about five years later. Although articles containing the term e-health appeared later than the other two terms, the rate of increase was higher. Articles (journal papers) were the most common type for the three key terms, followed by conference papers and review articles. Publication rates for telemedicine or telehealth or e-health were compared with two other relatively new fields of study: Minimally Invasive Surgery (MIS) and Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy (HAART). Publications concerning HAART seem to have reached a peak and are now declining, but those with the three key terms and those concerning MIS are both growing. The variation in the level of adoption for the three terms suggests ambiguity in their definition and a lack of clarity in the concepts they refer to.	N/A
Losiewicz P.; Oard D.W.; Kostoff R.N.	Textual data mining to support science and technology management	2000	Journal of Intelligent Information Systems	10.1023/A:1008777222412	This paper surveys applications of data mining techniques to large text collections, and illustrates how those techniques can be used to support the management of science and technology research. Specific issues that arise repeatedly in the conduct of research management are described, and a textual data mining architecture that extends a classic paradigm for knowledge discovery in databases is introduced. That architecture integrates information retrieval from text collections, information extraction to obtain data from individual texts, data warehousing for the extracted data, data mining to discover useful patterns in the data, and visualization of the resulting patterns. At the core of this architecture is a broad view of data mining - the process of discovering patterns in large collections of data - and that step is described in some detail. The final section of the paper illustrates how these ideas can be applied in practice, drawing upon examples from the recently completed first phase of the textual data mining program at the Office of Naval Research. The paper concludes by identifying some research directions that offer significant potential for improving the utility of textual data mining for research management applications.	N/A
Gao Y.; Shi S.; Ma W.; Chen J.; Cai Y.; Ge L.; Li L.; Wu J.; Tian J.	Bibliometric analysis of global research on PD-1 and PD-L1 in the field of cancer	2019	International Immunopharmacology	10.1016/j.intimp.2019.03.045	Objectives: To identify the cooperation of authors, countries, and institutions and explore the hot topics and future prospects regarding programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1) and programmed cell death 1 ligand 1 (PD-L1) research. Materials and methods: Publications on PD-1 and PD-L1 research were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection. Bibliometric analyses were performed using VOSviewer 1.6.9, HistCite 2.1, and CiteSpace V software. Network maps were generated to evaluate the collaborations between different authors, countries, and institutions. Results: A total of 7359 articles related to PD-1 and PD-L1 research in the field of cancer were identified. We observed rapid growth in the number of publications since 2014. Oncoimmunology (326, 4.43%) had the highest number of publications, while N Engl J Med (18,828 co-citations, 6.30%) was the most co-cited journal. Hodi FS and Wolchok JD were key researchers. There were active collaborations among the top authors. The USA was the leading contributor in this field with 3496 publications. Active cooperations between countries and between institutions were observed. The main hot topics included matters related to the efficacy and prognosis of various tumors after treatment with PD-1 and/or PD-L1 inhibitors, as well as the activation or expression of important immunological factors targeted at tumors. Conclusion: PD-1 and PD-L1 studies have significantly increased after 2014. The USA contributed the most publications. There were active cooperations between authors, countries, and institutions. Further research should expand and develop new topics such as those likely to boost therapeutic strategies for cancer. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Cancer; Development trends; Hot topics; PD-1; PD-L1
Luukkonen T.	Invited review article: Bibliometrics and evaluation of Research performance	1990	Annals of Medicine	10.3109/07853899009147259	Bibliometrics has been increasingly applied to research evaluation in recent years. This article reviews studies which supply data to assess the validity and accuracy of citation indicators as a measure of performance. To illustrate the points raised, the article also examines results obtained by case studies on Nordic cancer and cardiovascular research. It concludes that citations measure recognition of a piece of work by the international scientific community, but are also influenced by publication structures, citation conventions and social relations in the scientific community. Citation analysis complements peer review by supplying evidence to assess its accuracy and reliability. © 1990 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.	Citation analysis; Evaluation of research; Research performance
Sauermann H.; Haeussler C.	Authorship and contribution disclosures	2017	Science Advances	10.1126/sciadv.1700404	Most scientific research is performed by teams, and for a long time, observers have inferred individual team members’ contributions by interpreting author order on published articles. In response to increasing concerns about this approach, journals are adopting policies that require the disclosure of individual authors’ contributions. However, it is not clear whether and how these disclosures improve upon the conventional approach. Moreover, there is little evidence on how contribution statements are written and how they are used by readers. We begin to address these questions in two studies. Guided by a conceptual model, Study 1 examines the relationship between author order and contribution statements on more than 12,000 articles to understand what information is provided by each. This analysis quantifies the risk of error when inferring contributions from author order and shows how this risk increases with team size and for certain types of authors. At the same time, the analysis suggests that some components of the value of contributions are reflected in author order but not in currently used contribution statements. Complementing the bibliometric analysis, Study 2 analyzes survey data from more than 6000 corresponding authors to examine how contribution statements are written and used. This analysis highlights important differences between fields and between senior versus junior scientists, as well as strongly diverging views about the benefits and limitations of contribution statements. On the basis of both studies, we highlight important avenues for future research and consider implications for a broad range of stakeholders. Copyright © 2017 The Authors.	N/A
Michalopoulos A.; Falagas M.E.	A bibliometric analysis of global research production in respiratory medicine	2005	Chest	10.1378/chest.128.6.3993	Study objectives: To evaluate the contribution of different world regions in respiratory research productivity. Methods: The world was divided into nine regions based on a combination of geographic, economic, and scientific criteria. Using the PubMed database, we retrieved information about the origin of articles from 30 journals included in the Respiratory System category of the Journal Citation Reports database for a 9-year period (1995 to 2003). We estimated the total number of publications, their mean impact factor, the product of these two parameters, and the research productivity per million of population of the world area divided by the gross national income per capita (GNIPC), for every year and the whole period of the study, for all defined world regions. Measurements and results: Data on the country of origin of the publications was available for 48,614 of 49,382 retrieved articles (98.5%). The majority of articles published between 1995 and 2003 originated from Western Europe (40.4%) and the United States (35.4%). The research productivity compared to population and the GNIPC was found to be higher for Canada and Oceania compared to the United States and Western Europe. The rate of increase of the total published research product (number of published articles multiplied by the impact factor) was higher in the United States and Europe. The total research contribution of Asia, Eastern Europe, Central and Latin America, and Africa regarding the number of published articles was notably very low (approximately 8%). Conclusions: The data suggest that there was a significant research activity in the field of respiratory medicine during the studied period. Although leaders of production of respiratory medicine research were from Western Europe and the United States, Canada, and Oceania had the best performance after adjustment for population and GNIPC.	Impact factor; Medical journals; Pulmonary medicine; Research productivity; Worldwide trends in research
Shadgan B.; Roig M.; HajGhanbari B.; Reid W.D.	Top-Cited Articles in Rehabilitation	2010	Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation	10.1016/j.apmr.2010.01.011	Shadgan B, Roig M, HajGhanbari B, Reid WD. Top-cited articles in rehabilitation. Objective: To identify the 100 top-cited articles ever published in rehabilitation journals and to analyze their characteristics as a quantitative approach to investigating the quality and evolution of rehabilitation research. Data Sources: The Institute for Scientific Information Web of Knowledge Database and the 2007 and 2008 Journal Citation Report Science Editions were used to retrieve the 100 top-cited articles from 30 rehabilitation dedicated journals. Study Selection: The 100 top-cited articles included randomized controlled trials, case-control studies, case series studies, case reports, methodologic studies, systematic reviews, narrative reviews, and expert opinions. Data Extraction: Two independent reviewers performed data extraction from the retrieved articles and compared their results. The Sackett's initial rules of evidence were used to categorize the type of study design as well as to evaluate the level of evidence provided by the results of the 100 top-cited articles. Data Synthesis: Among the 45,700 articles published in these journals, the 100 top-cited articles were published between 1959 and 2002 with an average of 200 citations an article (range, 131-1109). Top-cited articles were all English-language, primarily from North America (United States=67%; Canada=11%) and published in 11 journals led by the Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation. Eighty-four percent of the articles were original publications and were most commonly prospective (76%) case series studies (67%) that used human subjects (96%) providing level 4 evidence. Neurorehabilitation (41%), disability (19%), and biomechanics (18%) were the most common fields of study. Conclusions: We demonstrated that methodologic observational studies performed in North America and published in English have had the highest citations in rehabilitation journals. © 2010 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine.	Bibliometrics; Physical therapy modalities; Rehabilitation; Review [publication type]
Khan N.R.; Thompson C.J.; Taylor D.R.; Venable G.T.; Matthew Wham R.; Madison Michael II L.; Klimo Jr. P.	An analysis of publication productivity for 1225 academic neurosurgeons and 99 departments in the United States: Clinical article	2014	Journal of Neurosurgery	10.3171/2013.11.JNS131708	Object. Bibliometrics is defined as the study of statistical and mathematical methods used to quantitatively analyze scientific literature. The application of bibliometrics in neurosurgery is in its infancy. The authors calculate a number of publication productivity measures for almost all academic neurosurgeons and departments within the US. Methods. The h-index, g-index, m-quotient, and contemporary h-index (hc-index) were calculated for 1225 academic neurosurgeons in 99 (of 101) programs listed by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education in January 2013. Three currently available citation databases were used: Google Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science. Bibliometric profiles were created for each surgeon. Comparisons based on academic rank (that is, chairperson, professor, associate, assistant, and instructor), sex, and subspecialties were performed. Departments were ranked based on the summation of individual faculty h-indices. Calculations were carried out from January to February 2013. Results. The median h-index, g-index, hc-index, and m-quotient were 11, 20, 8, and 0.62, respectively. All indices demonstrated a positive relationship with increasing academic rank (p < 0.001). The median h-index was 11 for males (n = 1144) and 8 for females (n = 81). The h-index, g-index and hc-index significantly varied by sex (p < 0.001). However, when corrected for academic rank, this difference was no longer significant. There was no difference in the m-quotient by sex. Neurosurgeons with subspecialties in functional/epilepsy, peripheral nerve, radiosurgery, neurooncology/skull base, and vascular have the highest median h-indices; general, pediatric, and spine neurosurgeons have the lowest median h-indices. By summing the manually calculated Scopus h-indices of all individuals within a department, the top 5 programs for publication productivity are University of California, San Francisco; Barrow Neurological Institute; Johns Hopkins University; University of Pittsburgh; and University of California, Los Angeles. Conclusions. This study represents the most detailed publication analysis of academic neurosurgeons and their programs to date. The results for the metrics presented should be viewed as benchmarks for comparison purposes. It is our hope that organized neurosurgery will adopt and continue to refine bibliometric profiling of individuals and departments. ©AANS, 2014.	Academic neurosurgery; Bibliometrics; Citation impact; Contemporary h-index; G-index; Google scholar; H-index; M-quotient; Scopus; Web of science
Danvila-del-Valle I.; Estévez-Mendoza C.; Lara F.J.	Human resources training: A bibliometric analysis	2019	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2019.02.026	Research on human resources training has been shaped by a great number of articles published in recent decades. This study contributes to the literature by examining how this research is built on the basis of different intellectual frameworks and by identifying the relevant references, authors, topics, and journals. With this aim, we used bibliometric techniques to examine over 900 articles published between 1975 and 2016. We observed three publication periods that have shaped the evolution of research in this field. In the journals that have published these articles, a wide range of disciplines have been used to address the topic of human resources. The dominant focus is on US and labor-intensive industries, giving researchers the opportunity to undertake further cross-country and cross-industry studies. By considering human capital and performance, the resource-based view provides theoretical support for the articles through which leading authors have built a core grounding for the topic. © 2019 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Citation and co-occurrence analysis; Human resources; Knowledge mapping; Training
Yang Z.; Yu X.; Dedman S.; Rosso M.; Zhu J.; Yang J.; Xia Y.; Tian Y.; Zhang G.; Wang J.	UAV remote sensing applications in marine monitoring: Knowledge visualization and review	2022	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2022.155939	With the booming development of information technology and the growing demand for remote sensing data, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) remote sensing technology has emerged. In recent years, UAV remote sensing technology has developed rapidly and has been widely used in the fields of military defense, agricultural monitoring, surveying and mapping management, and disaster and emergency response and management. Currently, increasingly serious marine biological and environmental problems are raising the need for effective and timely monitoring. Compared with traditional marine monitoring technologies, UAV remote sensing is becoming an important means for marine monitoring thanks to its flexibility, efficiency and low cost, while still producing systematic data with high spatial and temporal resolutions. This study visualizes the knowledge domain of the application and research advances of UAV remote sensing in marine monitoring by analyzing 1130 articles (from 1993 to early 2022) using a bibliometric approach and provides a review of the application of UAVs in marine management mapping, marine disaster and environmental monitoring, and marine wildlife monitoring. It aims to promote the extensive application of UAV remote sensing in the field of marine research. © 2022 Elsevier B.V.	Internet of things; Marine disasters; Marine litter; Marine management mapping; Marine megafauna; UAV systems
Baminiwatta A.; Solangaarachchi I.	Trends and Developments in Mindfulness Research over 55 Years: A Bibliometric Analysis of Publications Indexed in Web of Science	2021	Mindfulness	10.1007/s12671-021-01681-x	Objectives: This study aimed to identify historical developments, active research areas, and emerging trends within scientific literature on mindfulness published so far, using bibliometric methods. We also aimed to identify prominent journals, authors, organizations, and countries in the field of mindfulness. Methods: Articles or reviews which mention mindfulness in the title, abstract, or keywords were identified using the Web of Science. A descriptive summary of the literature was obtained from the Web of Science Analysis tool. Country collaboration, co-authorship, and keyword co-occurrence networks were visualized using VOSviewer. CiteSpace, which uses document co-citation analysis, was used to identify emerging trends and transient patterns in the literature. Results: From 1966 to 2021, 16,581 publications on mindfulness were identified. There has been an exponential growth of publications since 2006. Almost half (47%) of the publications were in psychology and about one-fifth (20.8%) in psychiatry. The most prolific journal was Mindfulness (contributing 7% of all publications) and the most prolific author was Eric L. Garland. The vast majority of publications originated from Western countries but representation from Asian countries has increased. The most frequently co-occurring keywords were meditation, depression, stress, and anxiety. Co-citation analysis of the early period (1966–2015) revealed how scholarly work on spiritual themes has inspired early mindfulness research. Recent trends (2016–2021) revealed a rising interest in mechanisms and moderators, long-term meditation, neuroscientific studies, and smartphone/online delivery of interventions. Conclusions: This comprehensive bibliometric study summarized and visualized 55 years of mindfulness research, revealing pivotal points, active research areas, and emerging trends. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.	Bibliometrics; Co-citation analysis; Mindfulness; Patterns; Trends
Mariano E.B.; Sobreiro V.A.; Rebelatto D.A.D.N.	Human development and data envelopment analysis: A structured literature review	2015	Omega (United Kingdom)	10.1016/j.omega.2015.01.002	Given the importance the concept of productive efficiency has on analyzing the human development process, which is complex and multidimensional, this study conducts a literature review on the research works that have used the data envelopment analysis (DEA) to measure and analyze the development process. Therefore, we researched the databases of Scopus and Web of Science, and considered the following analysis dimensions: bibliometrics, scope, DEA models and extensions used, interfaces with other techniques, units analyzed and depth of analysis. In addition to a brief summary, the main gaps in each analysis dimension were assessed, which may serve to guide future researches. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.	Data envelopment analysis (DEA); Efficiency; Human development; Quality of life
Mulet-Forteza C.; Martorell-Cunill O.; Merigó J.M.; Genovart-Balaguer J.; Mauleon-Mendez E.	Twenty five years of the Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing: a bibliometric ranking	2018	Journal of Travel and Tourism Marketing	10.1080/10548408.2018.1487368	The Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing (JTTM) is a leading international journal in “Marketing” and “Tourism, Leisure and Hospitality Management.” JTTM published its first issue in 1992. In 2017, the journal has celebrated its twenty-fifth anniversary. For that reason, this study analyzes all the publications in the journal since its creation by using a bibliometric approach. The objective is to provide a complete overview of the main factors that affect the journal. This analysis includes key issues such as the distribution of annual publications and citations, the most cited papers, the h-index, citations per paper, the keywords that are mostly used, the influence on the publishing industry and authors, universities, and the countries that have the most publications. The paper uses the Scopus database to analyze the bibliometric data. Additionally, the paper also uses the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer software to map graphically the bibliographic material. The graphical analysis uses bibliographic coupling, co-citation, citation, and co-occurrence of keywords. These results indicate that JTTM is one of the leading journals in the areas where the journal is indexed, with publications from a wide range of authors, institutions, and countries around the world. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	author ranking; bibliometrics; citation structure; country ranking; Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing; research productivity; research ranking; science mapping; university ranking; visualization of similarities viewer; VOS viewer
Allen L.; Jones C.; Dolby K.; Lynn D.; Walport M.	Looking for landmarks: The role of expert review and bibliometric analysis in evaluating scientific publication outputs	2009	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0005910	Objective: To compare expert assessment with bibliometric indicators as tools to assess the quality and importance of scientific research papers. Methods and Materials: Shortly after their publication in 2005, the quality and importance of a cohort of nearly 700 Wellcome Trust (WT) associated research papers were assessed by expert reviewers; each paper was reviewed by two WT expert reviewers. After 3 years, we compared this initial assessment with other measures of paper impact. Results: Shortly after publication, 62 (9%) of the 687 research papers were determined to describe at least a 'major addition to knowledge' -6 were thought to be 'landmark' papers. At an aggregate level, after 3 years, there was a strong positive association between expert assessment and impact as measured by number of citations and F1000 rating. However, there were some important exceptions indicating that bibliometric measures may not be sufficient in isolation as measures of research quality and importance, and especially not for assessing single papers or small groups of research publications. Conclusion: When attempting to assess the quality and importance of research papers, we found that sole reliance on bibliometric indicators would have led us to miss papers containing important results as judged by expert review. In particular, some papers that were highly rated by experts were not highly cited during the first three years after publication. Tools that link expert peer reviews of research paper quality and importance to more quantitative indicators, such as citation analysis would be valuable additions to the field of research assessment and evaluation. © 2009 Allen et al.	N/A
Halladay C.W.; Trikalinos T.A.; Schmid I.T.; Schmid C.H.; Dahabreh I.J.	Using data sources beyond PubMed has a modest impact on the results of systematic reviews of therapeutic interventions	2015	Journal of Clinical Epidemiology	10.1016/j.jclinepi.2014.12.017	Objectives Searching multiple sources when conducting systematic reviews is considered good practice. We aimed to investigate the impact of using sources beyond PubMed in systematic reviews of therapeutic interventions. Study Design and Setting We randomly selected 50 Cochrane reviews that searched the PubMed (or MEDLINE) and EMBASE databases and included a meta-analysis of ≥10 studies. We checked whether each eligible record in each review (n = 2,700) was retrievable in PubMed and EMBASE. For the first-listed meta-analysis of ≥10 studies in each review, we examined whether excluding studies not found in PubMed affected results. Results A median of one record per review was indexed in EMBASE but not in PubMed; a median of four records per review was not indexed in PubMed or EMBASE. Meta-analyses included a median of 13.5 studies; a median of zero studies per meta-analysis was indexed in EMBASE but not in PubMed; a median of one study per meta-analysis was not indexed in PubMed or EMBASE. Meta-analysis using only PubMed-indexed vs. all available studies led to a different conclusion in a single case (on the basis of conventional criteria for statistical significance). In meta-regression analyses, effects in PubMed- vs. non-PubMed-indexed studies were statistically significantly different in a single data set. Conclusion For systematic reviews of the effects of therapeutic interventions, gains from searching sources beyond PubMed, and from searching EMBASE in particular are modest. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.	Databases; EMBASE; Health technology assessment; Literature search; Meta-analysis; PubMed; Rapid review; Systematic review
Zhang X.; Estoque R.C.; Xie H.; Murayama Y.; Ranagalage M.	Bibliometric analysis of highly cited articles on ecosystem services	2019	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0210707	This paper presents global research trends involving highly cited articles on ecosystem services from 1981 to 2017 based on a bibliometric analysis of such articles from the SCI-E and SSCI databases of the Web of Science. The analysis revealed that there were 132 highly cited articles, most of which were published between 2005 and 2014. Based on author keywords, the term ecosystem services was strongly linked to biodiversity. The top three journals in terms of total number of highly cited articles published were Ecological Economics, PNAS, and Ecological Indicators. Despite ranking sixth overall, Science ranked first in both impact factor and total citations per article. The US, UK, Netherlands, Spain, and Sweden were the top five most productive and cooperative countries in the world based on total number of highly cited articles and co-authorship network, respectively. The US was highly connected to Canada, the Netherlands, China and the UK. Stockholm University and Stanford University were the most productive institutions in Europe and North America, respectively. Stanford University is associated with many scholars in the field of ecosystem services research because of the InVEST model. Robert Costanza was the most prolific and highly cited author, the latter being largely due to the first valuation of the world's ecosystem services and natural capital, he and his co-authors published in 1997 in Nature. Terrestrial, urban, and forest ecosystems were the top types of ecosystems assessed. Regulating and provisioning services were the major ecosystem services studied. Quantitative and qualitative assessments were the main research focus. Most of these highly cited studies on ecosystem services are done on areas geographically located in North America and Europe. © 2019 Zhang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Liu S.; Shi J.; Wang J.; Dai Y.; Li H.; Li J.; Liu X.; Chen X.; Wang Z.; Zhang P.	Interactions Between Microplastics and Heavy Metals in Aquatic Environments: A Review	2021	Frontiers in Microbiology	10.3389/fmicb.2021.652520	Microplastics (MPs), tiny particles broken down from larger pieces of plastics, have accumulated everywhere on the earth. As an inert carbon stream in aquatic environment, they have been reported as carriers for heavy metals and exhibit diverse interactive effects. However, these interactions are still poorly understood, especially mechanisms driving these interactions and how they pose risks on living organisms. In this mini review, a bibliometric analysis in this field was conducted and then the mechanisms driving these interactions were examined, especially emphasizing the important roles of microorganisms on the interactions. Their combined toxic effects and the potential hazards to human health were also discussed. Finally, the future research directions in this field were suggested. This review summarized the recent research progress in this field and highlighted the essential roles of the microbes on the interactions between MPs and heavy metals with the hope to promote more studies to unveil action mechanisms and reduce/eliminate the risks associated with MP presence. © Copyright © 2021 Liu, Shi, Wang, Dai, Li, Li, Liu, Chen, Wang and Zhang.	aquatic environment; biofilm; heavy metals; interactions; microbe; microplastics
McGinty E.E.; Webster D.W.; Jarlenski M.; Barry C.L.	News media framing of serious mental illness and gun violence in the United States, 1997-2012	2014	American Journal of Public Health	10.2105/AJPH.2013.301557	"Recent mass shootings by persons seemingly afflicted with serious mental illness (SMI) have received extensive news media coverage and prompted national dialogue about the causes of, and policy responses to, mass shootings. News media framing of SMI as a cause of gun violence may influence public attitudes about persons with SMI and support for gun violence prevention proposals. We analyzed the content of a 25% random sample of news stories on SMI and gun violence published in 14 national and regional news sources from 1997 to 2012. Across the study period, most news coverage occurred in the wake of mass shootings, and ""dangerous people"" with SMI were more likely than ""dangerous weapons"" to be mentioned as a cause of gun violence."	N/A
Mulet-Forteza C.; Genovart-Balaguer J.; Mauleon-Mendez E.; Merigó J.M.	A bibliometric research in the tourism, leisure and hospitality fields	2019	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2018.12.002	This paper presents a study of the most cited papers, the most productive and influential institutions and countries, and the most influential authors in the tourism, leisure, and hospitality fields. The number of publications in journals focused on these areas has increased exponentially over the past 40 years. This paper examines the fundamental contributions in these areas using a bibliometric approach. This paper also uses the visualization of similarities to graphically map the main topics and keywords. No study has examined all journals indexed in the Web of Science in these fields over a period as wide as the one considered in this study. This study is valuable for several reasons. It can help scholars and researchers to identify the countries and institutions with the most potential to develop and share research, as well as where it would be interesting to carry out their doctoral studies and develop their careers. © 2018 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Ranking; Research productivity; Tourism; Web of science
Paiva C.E.; Lima J.P.S.N.; Paiva B.S.R.	Articles with short titles describing the results are cited more often	2012	Clinics	10.6061/clinics/2012(05)17	OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate some features of article titles from open access journals and to assess the possible impact of these titles on predicting the number of article views and citations. METHODS: Research articles (n = 423, published in October 2008) from all Public Library of Science (PLoS) journals and from 12 Biomed Central (BMC) journals were evaluated. Publication metrics (views and citations) were analyzed in December 2011. The titles were classified according to their contents, namely methods-describing titles and results-describing titles. The number of title characters, title typology, the use of a question mark, reference to a specific geographical region, and the use of a colon or a hyphen separating different ideas within a sentence were analyzed to identify predictors of views and citations. A logistic regression model was used to identify independent title characteristics that could predict citation rates. RESULTS: Short-titled articles had higher viewing and citation rates than those with longer titles. Titles containing a question mark, containing a reference to a specific geographical region, and that used a colon or a hyphen were associated with a lower number of citations. Articles with results-describing titles were cited more often than those with methods-describing titles. After multivariate analysis, only a low number of characters and title typology remained as predictors of the number of citations. CONCLUSIONS: Some features of article titles can help predict the number of article views and citation counts. Short titles presenting results or conclusions were independently associated with higher citation counts. The findings presented here could be used by authors, reviewers, and editors to maximize the impact of articles in the scientific community. © 2012 CLINICS.	Articles; Citations; Titles; Visualization
Ren R.; Hu W.; Dong J.; Sun B.; Chen Y.; Chen Z.	A systematic literature review of green and sustainable logistics: Bibliometric analysis, research trend and knowledge taxonomy	2020	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph17010261	Ever-growing globalization and industrialization put forward impending requirements for green and sustainable logistics (G&SL). Over the past decades, G&SL initiatives triggered worldwide deliberations, aiming at easing negative transport externalities and improving supply chain performance. This review-based paper attempts to offer a joint quantitative and qualitative understanding for the overall evolutionary trend, knowledge structure, and literature gaps of the G&SL research field. Employing the science mapping approach, a total of 306 major paper published from 1999 to 2019 were retrieved, elaborated on, and synthesized. Visualized statistics regarding publication years, journal allocation/co-citation, inter-country/institution collaboration, influential articles, co-occurred keywords, and time view clusters of research themes were analyzed bibliographically. On this basis, a total of 50 sub-branches of G&SL knowledge were classified and thematically discussed based on five alignments, namely (i) social-environmental-economic research, (ii) planning, policy and management, (iii) application and practice, (iv) technology, and (v) operations research. Finally, the current knowledge obstacles and the future research opportunities were suggested. The findings contribute to portray a systematic intellectual prospect for the state quo, hotspots, and academic frontiers of G&SL research. Moreover, it provides researchers and practitioners with heuristic thoughts to govern transportation ecology and logistics service quality. © 2019 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	Bibliometric; Freight transportation; Green initiative; Literature review; Supply chain management; Sustainable logistics; Taxonomy; Transport and environment
Yeung A.W.K.; Goto T.K.; Leung W.K.	The changing landscape of neuroscience research, 2006-2015: A bibliometric study	2017	Frontiers in Neuroscience	10.3389/fnins.2017.00120	"Background: It is beneficial to evaluate changes in neuroscience research field regarding research directions and topics over a defined period. Such information enables stakeholders to quickly identify the most influential research and incorporate latest evidence into research-informed education. To our knowledge, no study reported changes in neuroscience literature over the last decade. Therefore, the current study determined research terms with highest citation scores, compared publication shares of research areas and contributing countries in this field from 2006 to 2015 and identified the most productive journals. Methods: Data were extracted from Web of Science and Journal Citation Reports (JCR). Only articles and reviews published in journals classified under the JCR ""Neurosciences"" category over the period of interest were included. Title and abstract fields of each included publication were extracted and analyzed via VOSviewer to identify recurring terms with high relative citation scores. Two term maps were produced for publications over the study period to illustrate the extent of co-occurrence, and the impact of terms was evaluated based on their relative citation scores. To further describe the recent research priority or ""hot spots,"" 10 terms with the highest relative citation scores were identified annually. In addition, by applying Bradford's law, we identified 10 journals being the most productive journals per annum over the survey period and evaluated their bilbiometric performances. Results: From 2006 to 2015, there were 47 terms involved in the annual lists of top 10 terms with highest relative citation scores. The most frequently recurring terms were autism (8), meta-analysis (7), functional connectivity (6), default mode network (4) and neuroimaging (4). Neuroscience research related to psychology and behavioral sciences showed an increase in publication share over the survey period, and China has become one of the major contributors to neuroscience research. Ten journals were frequently identified (=8 years) as core journals within the survey period. Discussion: The landscape of neuroscience research has changed recently, and this paper provides contemporary overview for researchers and health care workers interested in this field's research and developments. Brain imaging and brain connectivity terms had high relative citation scores. © 2017 Yeung, Goto and Leung."	Bibliometrics; Cells; Diagnostic imaging; Functional neuroimaging; Information science; Literature-based discovery; Neurosciences
Núñez R.; Allen M.; Gao R.; Miller Rigoli C.; Relaford-Doyle J.; Semenuks A.	What happened to cognitive science?	2019	Nature Human Behaviour	10.1038/s41562-019-0626-2	More than a half-century ago, the ‘cognitive revolution’, with the influential tenet ‘cognition is computation’, launched the investigation of the mind through a multidisciplinary endeavour called cognitive science. Despite significant diversity of views regarding its definition and intended scope, this new science, explicitly named in the singular, was meant to have a cohesive subject matter, complementary methods and integrated theories. Multiple signs, however, suggest that over time the prospect of an integrated cohesive science has not materialized. Here we investigate the status of the field in a data-informed manner, focusing on four indicators, two bibliometric and two socio-institutional. These indicators consistently show that the devised multi-disciplinary program failed to transition to a mature inter-disciplinary coherent field. Bibliometrically, the field has been largely subsumed by (cognitive) psychology, and educationally, it exhibits a striking lack of curricular consensus, raising questions about the future of the cognitive science enterprise. © 2019, Springer Nature Limited.	N/A
Gläser J.; Laudel G.	Governing science: How science policy shapes research content	2016	Archives Europeennes de Sociologie	10.1017/S0003975616000047	"This review explores contributions by science policy studies and the sociology of science to our understanding of the impact of governance on research content. Contributions are subsumed under two perspectives, namely an ""impact of""-perspective that searches for effects of specific governance arrangements and an ""impact on""-perspective that asks what factors contribute to the construction of research content and includes governance among them. Our review shows that little is known so far about the impact of governance on knowledge content. A research agenda does not necessarily need to include additional empirical phenomena but must address the macro-micro-macro link inherent to the question in its full complexity, and systematically exploit comparative approaches in order to establish causality. This requires interdisciplinary collaboration between science policy studies, the sociology of science, and bibliometrics, which all can contribute to the necessary analytical toolbox. © European Journal of Sociology 2016."	Academy-industry relations; Laboratory studies; New public management; Performance-based funding; Project-based research funding; Research content; Scientific innovations; Undone science
Zhang L.; Carter R.A., Jr.; Qian X.; Yang S.; Rujimora J.; Wen S.	Academia's responses to crisis: A bibliometric analysis of literature on online learning in higher education during COVID-19	2022	British Journal of Educational Technology	10.1111/bjet.13191	This paper aimed to provide a holistic view of research that investigated online learning in higher education around the globe during COVID-19 utilizing a bibliometric analysis. The researchers used co-citation analysis and text mining afforded by VOSviewer to document and analyze research patterns and topics reported in peer-reviewed documents published between January 2020 and August 2021. Findings of this study indicated that scholars from 103 countries or regions from the Global North and Global South investigated a wide array of topics, such as use of various technologies and strategies, redesigned curriculum, student perceptions and psychological impacts of the pandemic-imposed online learning. Many researchers applied technology acceptance theories and structural equation modeling to investigate factors associated with adoption and impacts of the pandemic-imposed online learning. Of the large quantity of research, medical education and chemical education were the most investigated disciplines. Inquiry-based learning, discovery learning, hands-on learning and collaborative learning emerged as instructional approaches frequently discussed or utilized across the target studies. This paper discussed (a) ongoing and emerging challenges to online higher education, (b) placing innovative pedagogies at the forefront of online learning, and (c) rapid, but imbalanced distribution of evolving literature based on the findings. Practitioner notes What is already known about this topic Online learning had attracted growing traction as a flexible and affordable means to complement traditional higher education prior to COVID-19. Higher education institutions (HEIs), faculty and students around the globe have encountered various challenges and opportunities regarding online teaching and learning during COVID-19. What this paper adds A bird's-eye-view perspective of how HEIs around the globe responded to the pandemic-imposed online teaching and learning using the bibliometric methodology. Identifications of a large body of research (n = 1061 documents) conducted by scholars from 103 countries or regions that investigated the pandemic-imposed online higher education, indicating an unprecedented level of participation in this area. An analysis of distinct themes arising from research on the pandemic-imposed online learning, such as medical education and psychological impact, chemistry curriculum and laboratory-based instruction and technology acceptance model. Implications for practice and/or policy The large corpus of studies on online higher education from different aspects can provide cross-disciplinary information guiding future research and design of online learning. With technology often conceptualized as the solution to support online learning, it is imperative to put innovative pedagogy at the forefront of the design of online teaching and learning. © 2022 British Educational Research Association.	bibliometric analysis; COVID-19; innovative pedagogical strategies; online higher education; technology
Jiang H.; Qiang M.; Lin P.	A topic modeling based bibliometric exploration of hydropower research	2016	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2015.12.194	"Scientific research articles can provide rich insights into practitioners' viewpoints around contentious policy making. Although much attention has been paid to hydropower development in the literature, few of them gathered systematic data and performed a large-scale review of scientific articles. In this study, we employed a topic modeling based bibliometric analysis to quantitatively evaluate global scientific literature of hydropower, with a time frame from 1994 to 2013. We analyzed 1726 scholarly articles highly related to hydropower, to discover the research development, current trends and intellectual structure of hydropower literature. Common bibliometric indicators show that hydropower research publications sustain a rapid growth rate, English is the dominant language, and the hotspots of hydropower research can be concluded as ""fish"", ""species"", ""climate"", ""emission"", ""lake"", ""sediment"", ""Turkey"", etc. We established a 29-topic model to describe the intellectual structure of the 1726 articles, and employed cluster analysis and trend analysis to process the derived topics. We find that post construction issues of hydropower are more attractive for scholars than construction technology itself, and an interdisciplinary trend of hydropower research is emerging. The methodology reported in this study is expected to gain traction as a methodological strategy for energy research reviews and subsequently to promote energy policy making. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; Hydropower; Renewable energy; Research trends; Topic modeling
Macaluso B.; Larivière V.; Sugimoto T.; Sugimoto C.R.	Is science built on the shoulders of women' A study of gender differences in contributorship	2016	Academic Medicine	10.1097/ACM.0000000000001261	Purpose Women remain underrepresented in the production of scientific literature, and relatively little is known regarding the labor roles played by women in the production of knowledge. This study examined labor roles by gender using contributorship data from science and medical journals published by the Public Library of Science (PLOS), which require each author to indicate their contribution to one or more of the following tasks: (1) analyzed the data, (2) conceived and designed the experiments, (3) contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools, (4) performed the experiments, and (5) wrote the paper. Method The authors analyzed contribution data from more than 85,000 articles published between 2008 and 2013 in PLOS journals with respect to gender using both descriptive and regression analyses. Results Gender was a significant variable in determining the likelihood of performing a certain task associated with authorship. Women were significantly more likely to be associated with performing experiments, and men were more likely to be associated with all other authorship roles. This holds true controlling for academic age: Although experimentation was associated with academically younger scholars, the gap between male and female contribution to this task remained constant across academic age. Inequalities were observed in the distribution of scientific labor roles. Conclusions These disparities have implications for the production of scholarly knowledge, the evaluation of scholars, and the ethical conduct of science. Adopting the practice of identifying contributorship rather than authorship in scientific journals will allow for greater transparency, accountability, and equitable allocation of resources. © 2016 by the Association of American Medical Colleges.	N/A
Bastian S.; Ippolito J.A.; Lopez S.A.; Eloy J.A.; Beebe K.S.	The use of the h-index in academic orthopaedic surgery	2017	Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery - American Volume	10.2106/JBJS.15.01354	Background: The Hirsch index (h-index), widely considered a valuable measure of assessing academic productivity, has been studied in various medical and surgical specialties and has shown strong associations between higher h-indices and academic promotion, as well as with National Institutes of Health (NIH) awards. Additionally, the m-index and e-index may complement the h-index in this assessment of merit. The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between the h, m, and e-indices and academic rank for 2,061 academic orthopaedic surgeons in the United States. Methods: The h-indices of faculty members from 120 academic orthopaedic surgery residency programs were organized and calculated using the Scopus and Google Scholar databases. Additionally, m-index and e-index scores were calculated from Google Scholar. After application of exclusion criteria, 2,061 academic orthopaedic surgeons were included. Results: Academic rank (assistant professor, associate professor, professor, and chair) increases as mean h-index, m-index, and e-index scores increase. Among 976 assistant professors, 504 associate professors, 461 professors, and 120 chairs, mean h, m, and e-indices increased with each academic rank. In the comparison of male and female surgeons, there was no significant difference in h, m, or e-index scores, with the exception of increased h-index scores among male assistant professors. Conclusions: Scholarly impact, as defined by academic productivity and scientific relevance, can be classified by the h-index and supplemented by the m and e-indices. This study has revealed well-defined differences in h, m, and e-indices with regard to academic rank among orthopaedic surgeons. Although the h, m, and e-indices may be of value as adjunct assessment devices for scholarly merit, careful consideration of their limitations must be maintained. Copyright © 2017 by the Journal of bone and joint surgery, incorporated.	N/A
Perneger T.V.	Relation between online “hit counts” and subsequent citations: Prospective study of research papers in the BMJ	2004	BMJ	10.1136/bmj.329.7465.546	[No abstract available]	N/A
Chai K.-H.; Xiao X.	Understanding design research: A bibliometric analysis of Design Studies (1996-2010)	2012	Design Studies	10.1016/j.destud.2011.06.004	Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to investigate the core themes of design research by analysing citations of papers in the journal Design Studies. It also aims to find out the evolution and future trends of design research. Methodology: Employing a bibliometrics and network analysis, the paper analyses citations and co-citations from Design Studies. Instead of using the standard analysis method of aggregating author co-citations, this study conducts the analysis at the individual publication level. Research limitations/ recommendations: Due to the limitation of the Scopus database, this study only managed to extract articles with full citations in Design Studies from 1996 to 2010. Further studies could also include articles from 1979 to 1995 by either using some character recognition software or manually extracting them. Findings: The study identifies the core themes centered on design process and design cognition. In addition, it also reveals that the research method protocol analysis has become more popular in recent years among researchers. Originality/value: The main contribution of this paper is the use of a network analysis technique to analyse 12 107 citations in the 459 articles published in Design Studies between 1996 and 2010. Unlike previous review papers which relied heavily on the qualitative observations and reflections of the authors, this paper is the first comprehensive quantitative analysis in this field. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	bibliometric study; design research; science of design
Mandavilli A.	Peer review: Trial by Twitter	2011	Nature	10.1038/469286a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Geng S.; Wang Y.; Zuo J.; Zhou Z.; Du H.; Mao G.	Building life cycle assessment research: A review by bibliometric analysis	2017	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2017.03.068	This study aims to examine the literature related to the building life cycle assessment (LCA) that are published from 2000 to 2014 by means of bibliometric methods based on databases of the Science Citation Index and Social Science Citation Index. Of 2025 retrieved publications, 95% were journal articles. The patterns of these articles were investigated such as subject categories, journals, countries, institutions, hot topics and the most highly cited articles. The results showed a rapid growth of building LCA related publications with the USA being the leading country in terms of contributing to the largest number of articles and possessing the greatest influence. Norwegian University Science and Technology is the leading university in terms of building LCA research, which is followed by University of California at Berkeley. All the top 15 institutions possess a favorable cooperative relationship with other institutions. Most journal articles were associated with energy (521 articles), followed by material (388), sustainability (304), carbon (299) and technology with 180. According to the comprehensive analysis of the keywords, it can be concluded that subtopics such as energy, materials, environmental impacts and sustainable development will be prominent directions of future building LCA research, while life cycle costing and life cycle inventory will continue to be the common research methods. These findings help to identify hotspots in the building LCA research. Similarly, this study provides useful inputs for the decision making on the subtopic selection and publication strategy in the building LCA research. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Building life cycle assessment; h-index
Neuberger J.; Counsell C.	Impact factors: Uses and abuses	2002	European Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology	10.1097/00042737-200203000-00001	Quantitative assessment of the scientific merit of journals and articles is being used increasingly to assess and compare researchers and institutions. The most commonly used measure is the 2 year Impact Factor, which broadly reflects the number of times each article in the journal has been cited over the previous 2 years. There are clear limitations to the use of such measures - not least, Impact Factors reflect the journal not the article, vary with time and correlate only poorly with perceived excellence. Simple comparison of impact factors in different specialties may be misleading. Review journals often have higher Impact Factors than those with original data. Both authors and editors can try to manipulate journal Impact Factors. However, despite valid concerns, Impact Factors are widely used and offer, at present, the best simple tool for comparison of output. Like all measures, the use of Impact Factors has to be tempered with knowledge of their limitations and common sense used in interpreting any data based on any analysis. © 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.	N/A
Tollefson J.	China declared world's largest producer of scientific articles	2018	Nature	10.1038/d41586-018-00927-4	[No abstract available]	N/A
Vogel R.	The Visible Colleges of Management and Organization Studies: A Bibliometric Analysis of Academic Journals	2012	Organization Studies	10.1177/0170840612448028	Informal groups play a pivotal role in the socio-cognitive structuring and development of all scientific fields. While most social studies on such groups present a static view, taking a snapshot of them at a certain moment in time, this study sheds a dynamic perspective on invisible colleges and examines empirically how they evolve in the course of time. Drawing on the neo-Kuhnian sociology of science, it defines invisible colleges as communication networks and considers how their emergence and evolution is affected by the organizational features of fragmented adhocracies. The empirical aspect focuses on formal scholarly communication through publication in a sample of seven leading journals in the field of management and organization studies over three decades. The methodology is rooted in bibliometrics and combines co-citation analysis with network visualization. The resulting networks, which reflect the community structure of the field, map 40 different colleges. Seven patterns of how this nested structure evolves are derived: college appearance, transformation, drift, differentiation, fusion, implosion and revival. The paper closes with suggestions for further research on those patterns. © The Author(s) 2012.	co-citation analysis; fragmented adhocracy; invisible colleges; journals; organization studies; scientific communities; two-mode networks
Zitt M.; Bassecoulard E.	Delineating complex scientific fields by an hybrid lexical-citation method: An application to nanosciences	2006	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/j.ipm.2006.03.016	Relevance of bibliometric indicators on scientific areas critically depends on the quality of their delineation. Macro-level studies, often based on a selected list of journals, accept a high degree of fuzziness. Micro-level studies rely on sets of individual articles in order to reduce noise and enhance precision of retrieval. The most usual information retrieval process is based on lexical queries with various levels of sophistication. In the experiment on Nanosciences reported here, this process was used as a first step, to delineate a 'seed' of literature. It has strong limitations, especially for emerging or transversal fields. In a second step, the alternative approach of citation linkages, was used to expand the bibliography starting from lexical seed. The extension process presented is ruled by three parameters, two deal with the cited side (threshold on citation score, and specificity towards the field), one with the citing side (threshold on the number of relevant references) interplaying in the 'referencing structure' function (RSF) introduced in a previous work. This type of combination proves effective for delineating the transversal field of Nanosciences. Further improvements of the method are discussed. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Citation network; Information retrieval; Lexical query; Nanosciences; Scientific area delineation
Fetscherin M.; Voss H.; Gugler P.	30 Years of foreign direct investment to China: An interdisciplinary literature review	2010	International Business Review	10.1016/j.ibusrev.2009.12.002	The purpose of this paper is to examine how scholarly research on foreign direct investment (FDI) to the People's Republic of China has evolved and been shaped using bibliometrics analysis of 422 journal articles published in 151 journals between 1979 and 2008 on that topic. The literature is dominated by the fields of Economics, followed by Business and Management, Planning and Development and International Relations, which together account for 95% of all publications. Ten percent of the most productive journals are responsible for 40% of all publications and 63% of all citations received. By means of citation mapping, four main research streams have been identified: (1) the motives and determinants of FDI to China; (2) 'inside' the multinational enterprise (MNE); (3) the impact of MNE activities; and (4) policy implications for the host country. Emerging research streams have been identified as the effects of inward FDI on (i) corporate social responsibility attitudes of domestic and foreign firms, (ii) environmental and climate issues, (iii) the institutional and societal transformation of China, and (iv) the emergence of Chinese MNEs and its impact on the operations of foreign MNEs in China. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometric analysis; China; Citation map; Foreign direct investment; Literature review
Rahimi I.; Chen F.; Gandomi A.H.	A review on COVID-19 forecasting models	2023	Neural Computing and Applications	10.1007/s00521-020-05626-8	The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has spread to more than 200 countries worldwide, leading to more than 36 million confirmed cases as of October 10, 2020. As such, several machine learning models that can forecast the outbreak globally have been released. This work presents a review and brief analysis of the most important machine learning forecasting models against COVID-19. The work presented in this study possesses two parts. In the first section, a detailed scientometric analysis presents an influential tool for bibliometric analyses, which were performed on COVID-19 data from the Scopus and Web of Science databases. For the above-mentioned analysis, keywords and subject areas are addressed, while the classification of machine learning forecasting models, criteria evaluation, and comparison of solution approaches are discussed in the second section of the work. The conclusion and discussion are provided as the final sections of this study. © 2021, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag London Ltd. part of Springer Nature.	Analysis; COVID-19; Forecasting; SEIR; SIR; Time series
Smith M.J.; Weinberger C.; Bruna E.M.; Allesina S.	The scientific impact of nations: Journal placement and citation performance	2014	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0109195	International collaboration is becoming increasingly important for the advancement of science. To gain a more precise understanding of how factors such as international collaboration influence publication success, we divide publication success into two categories: journal placement and citation performance. Analyzing all papers published between 1996 and 2012 in eight disciplines, we find that those with more countries in their affiliations performed better in both categories. Furthermore, specific countries vary in their effects both individually and in combination. Finally, we look at the relationship between national output (in papers published) and input (in citations received) over the 17 years, expanding upon prior depictions by also plotting an expected proportion of citations based on Journal Placement. Discrepancies between this expectation and the realized proportion of citations illuminate trends in performance, such as the decline of the Global North in response to rapidly developing countries, especially China. Yet, most countries' show little to no discrepancy, meaning that, in most cases, citation proportion can be predicted by Journal Placement alone. This reveals an extreme asymmetry between the opinions of a few reviewers and the degree to which paper acceptance and citation rates influence career advancement. © 2014 Smith et al.	N/A
Nandiyanto A.B.D.; Biddinika M.K.; Triawan F.	How bibliographic dataset portrays decreasing number of scientific publication from Indonesia	2020	Indonesian Journal of Science and Technology	N/A	Among countries that experience growing of scientific publication number, Indonesia faces decreasing in its number during period of 2018-2019. This situation is alarming amid country’s effort to improve its research and development from which the scientific publication has been used as a measure. This article presents a dataset of bibliometric from all Indonesian institutions (424 institutions as of January 2020) indexed by Scopus database. We collected data on documents per year and document type. Different from other datasets, this article presents longitudinal data from 2014-2019, in which during this period dramatic change occurs from steep rise, exponential, and degradation during 2018-2019 according to SINTA (Indonesian scientific indexing) database. We analyzed publication number from leading institutions at different points in time and compared document types (i.e., number of journal article and conference paper, in which both types are the driving force of Indonesia’s growing scientific publication number). Since this dataset covers all country’s institutions, it is potential for reuse by policy makers in research and development, researchers from each institution, as well as other stakeholders. © 2020 Tim Pengembang Jurnal UPI.	Bibliometrics; Data analysis; Higher education; Indonesia; Longitudinal data; Ranking analytics
Bornmann L.; Marx W.	Methods for the generation of normalized citation impact scores in bibliometrics: Which method best reflects the judgements of experts?	2015	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2015.01.006	Evaluative bibliometrics compare the citation impact of researchers, research groups and institutions with each other across time scales and disciplines. Both factors, discipline and period - have an influence on the citation count which is independent of the quality of the publication. Normalizing the citation impact of papers for these two factors started in the mid-1980s. Since then, a range of different methods have been presented for producing normalized citation impact scores. The current study uses a data set of over 50,000 records to test which of the methods so far presented correlate better with the assessment of papers by peers. The peer assessments come from F1000Prime - a post-publication peer review system of the biomedical literature. Of the normalized indicators, the current study involves not only cited-side indicators, such as the mean normalized citation score, but also citing-side indicators. As the results show, the correlations of the indicators with the peer assessments all turn out to be very similar. Since F1000 focuses on biomedicine, it is important that the results of this study are validated by other studies based on datasets from other disciplines or (ideally) based on multi-disciplinary datasets. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Cited-side indicator; Citing-side indicator; F1000; Normalized citation impact
Adenle A.A.; Haslam G.E.; Lee L.	Global assessment of research and development for algae biofuel production and its potential role for sustainable development in developing countries	2013	Energy Policy	10.1016/j.enpol.2013.05.088	The possibility of economically deriving fuel from cultivating algae biomass is an attractive addition to the range of measures to relieve the current reliance on fossil fuels. Algae biofuels avoid some of the previous drawbacks associated with crop-based biofuels as the algae do not compete with food crops. The favourable growing conditions found in many developing countries has led to a great deal of speculation about their potentials for reducing oil imports, stimulating rural economies, and even tackling hunger and poverty. By reviewing the status of this technology we suggest that the large uncertainties make it currently unsuitable as a priority for many developing countries. Using bibliometric and patent data analysis, we indicate that many developing countries lack the human capital to develop their own algae industry or adequately prepare policies to support imported technology. Also, we discuss the potential of modern biotechnology, especially genetic modification (GM) to produce new algal strains that are easier to harvest and yield more oil. Controversy surrounding the use of GM and weak biosafety regulatory system represents a significant challenge to adoption of GM technology in developing countries. A range of policy measures are also suggested to ensure that future progress in algae biofuels can contribute to sustainable development. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.	Algae biofuels; Bibliometrics analysis; Sustainable development
Ledin A.; Bornmann L.; Gannon F.; Wallon G.	A persistent problem. Traditional gender roles hold back female scientists	2007	EMBO Reports	10.1038/sj.embor.7401109	[No abstract available]	N/A
Ioannidis J.P.A.; Baas J.; Boyack K.W.	Updated science-wide author databases of standardized citation indicators	2020	PLoS Biology	10.1371/journal.pbio.3000918	[No abstract available]	N/A
Abrishami A.; Aliakbary S.	Predicting citation counts based on deep neural network learning techniques	2019	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2019.02.011	With the growing number of published scientific papers world-wide, the need to evaluation and quality assessment methods for research papers is increasing. Scientific fields such as scientometrics, informetrics, and bibliometrics establish quantified analysis methods and measurements for evaluating scientific papers. In this area, an important problem is to predict the future influence of a published paper. Particularly, early discrimination between influential papers and insignificant papers may find important applications. In this regard, one of the most important metrics is the number of citations to the paper, since this metric is widely utilized in the evaluation of scientific publications and moreover, it serves as the basis for many other metrics such as h-index. In this paper, we propose a novel method for predicting long-term citations of a paper based on the number of its citations in the first few years after publication. In order to train a citation count prediction model, we employed artificial neural network which is a powerful machine learning tool with recently growing applications in many domains including image and text processing. The empirical experiments show that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods with respect to the prediction accuracy in both yearly and total prediction of the number of citations. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Citation count prediction; Deep learning; Informetrics; Neural networks; Scientific impact; Time series prediction
Müller A.M.; Maher C.A.; Vandelanotte C.; Hingle M.; Middelweerd A.; Lopez M.L.; DeSmet A.; Short C.E.; Nathan N.; Hutchesson M.J.; Poppe L.; Woods C.B.; Williams S.L.; Wark P.A.	Physical activity, sedentary behavior, and diet-related ehealth and mhealth research: Bibliometric analysis	2018	Journal of Medical Internet Research	10.2196/jmir.8954	Background: Electronic health (eHealth) and mobile health (mHealth) approaches to address low physical activity levels, sedentary behavior, and unhealthy diets have received significant research attention. However, attempts to systematically map the entirety of the research field are lacking. This gap can be filled with a bibliometric study, where publication-specific data such as citations, journals, authors, and keywords are used to provide a systematic overview of a specific field. Such analyses will help researchers better position their work. Objective: The objective of this review was to use bibliometric data to provide an overview of the eHealth and mHealth research field related to physical activity, sedentary behavior, and diet. Methods: The Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection was searched to retrieve all existing and highly cited (as defined by WoS) physical activity, sedentary behavior, and diet related eHealth and mHealth research papers published in English between January 1, 2000 and December 31, 2016. Retrieved titles were screened for eligibility, using the abstract and full-text where needed. We described publication trends over time, which included journals, authors, and countries of eligible papers, as well as their keywords and subject categories. Citations of eligible papers were compared with those expected based on published data. Additionally, we described highly-cited papers of the field (ie, top ranked 1%). Results: The search identified 4805 hits, of which 1712 (including 42 highly-cited papers) were included in the analyses. Publication output increased on an average of 26% per year since 2000, with 49.00% (839/1712) of papers being published between 2014 and 2016. Overall and throughout the years, eHealth and mHealth papers related to physical activity, sedentary behavior, and diet received more citations than expected compared with papers in the same WoS subject categories. The Journal of Medical Internet Research published most papers in the field (9.58%, 164/1712). Most papers originated from high-income countries (96.90%, 1659/1717), in particular the United States (48.83%, 836/1712). Most papers were trials and studied physical activity. Beginning in 2013, research on Generation 2 technologies (eg, smartphones, wearables) sharply increased, while research on Generation 1 (eg, text messages) technologies increased at a reduced pace. Reviews accounted for 20 of the 42 highly-cited papers (n=19 systematic reviews). Social media, smartphone apps, and wearable activity trackers used to encourage physical activity, less sedentary behavior, and/or healthy eating were the focus of 14 highly-cited papers. Conclusions: This study highlighted the rapid growth of the eHealth and mHealth physical activity, sedentary behavior, and diet research field, emphasized the sizeable contribution of research from high-income countries, and pointed to the increased research interest in Generation 2 technologies. It is expected that the field will grow and diversify further and that reviews and research on most recent technologies will continue to strongly impact the field. © 2018 Journal of Medical Internet Research. All rights reserved.	Exercise; Food; Health behavior; Health resources; Internet; Movement; Publications; Science; Telemedicine; Trends
Wei Y.-M.; Mi Z.-F.; Huang Z.	Climate policy modeling: An online SCI-E and SSCI based literature review	2015	Omega (United Kingdom)	10.1016/j.omega.2014.10.011	This study utilizes the bibliometric method on climate policy modeling based on the online version of SCI-E from 1981 to 2013 and SSCI from 2002 to 2013, and summarizes several important research topics and methodologies in the field. Publications referring to climate policy modeling are assessed with respect to quantities, disciplines, most productive authors and institutes, and citations. Synthetic analysis of keyword frequency reveals six important research topics in climate policy modeling which are summarized and analyzed. The six topics include integrated assessment of climate policies, uncertainty in climate change, equity across time and space, endogeneity of technological change, greenhouse gases abatement mechanism, and enterprise risk in climate policy models. Additionally, twelve types of models employed in climate policy modeling are discussed. The most widely utilized climate policy models are optimization models, computable general equilibrium (CGE) models, and simulation models. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Climate policy; Enterprise risk; Integrated assessment; Word frequency analysis
Banzi R.; Moja L.; Pistotti V.; Facchini A.; Liberati A.	Conceptual frameworks and empirical approaches used to assess the impact of health research: An overview of reviews	2011	Health Research Policy and Systems	10.1186/1478-4505-9-26	"Background: How to assess the impact of research is of growing interest to funders, policy makers and researchers mainly to understand the value of investments and to increase accountability. Broadly speaking the term ""research impact"" refers to the contribution of research activities to achieve desired societal outcomes. The aim of this overview is to identify the most common approaches to research impact assessment, categories of impact and their respective indicators.Methods: We systematically searched the relevant literature (PubMed, The Cochrane Library (1990-2009)) and funding agency websites. We included systematic reviews, theoretical and methodological papers, and empirical case-studies on how to evaluate research impact. We qualitatively summarised the included reports, as well the conceptual frameworks.Results: We identified twenty-two reports belonging to four systematic reviews and 14 primary studies. These publications reported several theoretical frameworks and methodological approaches (bibliometrics, econometrics, ad hoc case studies). The ""payback model"" emerged as the most frequently used. Five broad categories of impact were identified: a) advancing knowledge, b) capacity building, c) informing decision-making, d) health benefits, e) broad socio-economic benefits. For each proposed category of impact we summarized a set of indicators whose pros and cons are presented and briefly discussed.Conclusions: This overview is a comprehensive, yet descriptive, contribution to summarize the conceptual framework and taxonomy of an heterogeneous and evolving area of research. A shared and comprehensive conceptual framework does not seem to be available yet and its single components (epidemiologic, economic, and social) are often valued differently in different models. © 2011 Banzi et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd."	Bibliometrics; Health research; Research governance; Research impact
Zhang J.; Xie J.; Hou W.; Tu X.; Xu J.; Song F.; Wang Z.; Lu Z.	Mapping the knowledge structure of research on patient adherence: Knowledge domain visualization based co-word analysis and social network analysis	2012	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0034497	Background: Patient adherence is an important issue for health service providers and health researchers. However, the knowledge structure of diverse research on treatment adherence is unclear. This study used co-word analysis and social network analysis techniques to analyze research literature on adherence, and to show their knowledge structure and evolution over time. Methods: Published scientific papers about treatment adherence were retrieved from Web of Science (2000 to May 2011). A total of 2308 relevant articles were included: 788 articles published in 2000-2005 and 1520 articles published in 2006-2011. The keywords of each article were extracted by using the software Biblexcel, and the synonym and isogenous words were merged manually. The frequency of keywords and their co-occurrence frequency were counted. High frequency keywords were selected to yield the co-words matrix. Finally the decomposition maps were used to comb the complex knowledge structures. Results: Research themes were more general in the first period (2000 to 2005), and more extensive with many more new terms in the second period (2006 to 2011). Research on adherence has covered more and more diseases, populations and methods, but other diseases/conditions are not as hot as HIV/AIDS and have not become specialty themes/sub-directions. Most studies originated from the United States. Conclusion: The dynamic of this field is mainly divergent, with increasing number of new sub-directions of research. Future research is required to investigate specific directions and converge as well to construct a general paradigm in this field. © 2012 Zhang et al.	N/A
Gall M.; Nguyen K.H.; Cutter S.L.	Integrated research on disaster risk: Is it really integrated?	2015	International Journal of Disaster Risk Reduction	10.1016/j.ijdrr.2015.01.010	This paper traces the development of peer-reviewed, integrated research on disaster risk over the past fifteen years to assess the current state of knowledge. We define integrated research as those studies that engage multiple scales, stakeholders, knowledge (scientific to indigenous), disciplines, and methods. Using 39 peer-reviewed academic English-language journals as the basis of our analysis, we conducted both a content analysis and a bibliometric analysis on the characteristics of the research: disciplinarity, knowledge, place and scale, stakeholder involvement, and policy applications as well as the integration across these traits. While integrated disaster risk research has made great strides over the past 15 years, much of it is still discipline or multi-discipline centric and largely produced by North American and European scholars. The co-production of knowledge is limited and implementation gaps between research and practice persist. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliographic analysis; Bibliometrics; Content analysis; Disaster risk research; Integrated research; Literature review
Mohammadi E.; Thelwall M.; Kousha K.	Can Mendeley bookmarks reflect readership? A survey of user motivations	2016	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23477	Although Mendeley bookmarking counts appear to correlate moderately with conventional citation metrics, it is not known whether academic publications are bookmarked in Mendeley in order to be read or not. Without this information, it is not possible to give a confident interpretation of altmetrics derived from Mendeley. In response, a survey of 860 Mendeley users shows that it is reasonable to use Mendeley bookmarking counts as an indication of readership because most (55%) users with a Mendeley library had read or intended to read at least half of their bookmarked publications. This was true across all broad areas of scholarship except for the arts and humanities (42%). About 85% of the respondents also declared that they bookmarked articles in Mendeley to cite them in their publications, but some also bookmark articles for use in professional (50%), teaching (25%), and educational activities (13%). Of course, it is likely that most readers do not record articles in Mendeley and so these data do not represent all readers. In conclusion, Mendeley bookmark counts seem to be indicators of readership leading to a combination of scholarly impact and wider professional impact. © 2015 ASIS&T.	bibliometrics; surveys; webometrics
Falagas M.E.; Karavasiou A.I.; Bliziotis I.A.	A bibliometric analysis of global trends of research productivity in tropical medicine	2006	Acta Tropica	10.1016/j.actatropica.2006.07.011	"The field of tropical medicine has a long history due to the significance of the relevant diseases for the humanity. We estimated the contribution of different world regions to research published in the main journals of tropical medicine. Using the PubMed and the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) ""Web of Science"" databases, we retrieved articles from 12 journals included in the ""Tropical Medicine"" category of the ""Journal Citation Reports"" database of ISI for the period 1995-2003. Data on the country of origin of the research were available for 11,860 articles in PubMed (98.1% of all articles from the tropical medicine category). The contribution of different world regions during the studied period, as estimated by the location of the affiliation of the first author, was: Western Europe 22.7%, Africa 20.9%, Latin America and the Caribbean 20.7%, Asia (excluding Japan) 19.8%, USA 10.6%, Oceania 2.1%, Japan 1.5%, Eastern Europe 1.3%, and Canada 0.6%. The contribution of regions, estimated by the location of the affiliation of at least one author of the published papers (retrieved from the ISI database), was similar: Western Europe 36.6%, Africa 27.7%, Latin America and the Caribbean 24.4%, and Asia 23.3%. The mean impact factor of articles published in tropical medicine journals was highest for the USA (1.65). Our analysis suggests that the developing areas of the world produce a considerable amount of research in tropical medicine; however, given the specific geographic distribution of tropical diseases they probably still need help by the developed nations to produce more research in this field. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."	10:90 gap; Bibliometrics; Impact factor; International representation; Research and development; Research collaboration; Tropical medicine literature
Brown H.	How impact factors changed medical publishing—and science	2007	BMJ	10.1136/bmj.39142.454086.AD	 Hannah Brown investigates the use and abuse of journal rankings. © 2007, BMJ Publishing Group Ltd. All rights reserved.	N/A
Pagel P.S.; Hudetz J.A.	An analysis of scholarly productivity in United States academic anaesthesiologists by citation bibliometrics	2011	Anaesthesia	10.1111/j.1365-2044.2011.06860.x	The h-index is used to evaluate scholarly productivity in academic medicine, but has not been extensively used in anaesthesia. We analysed the publications, citations, citations per publication and h-index from 1996 to date using the Scopus® database for 1630 (1120 men, 510 women) for faculty members from 24 randomly selected US academic anaesthesiology departments The median (interquartile range [range]) h-index of US academic anaesthesiologists was 1 [0-5 (0-44)] with 3 [0-18 (0-398)] total publications, 24 [0-187 (0-8515)] total citations, and 5 [0-14 (0-252)] citations per publication. Faculty members in departments with National Institutes of Health funding were more productive than colleagues in departments with little or no government funding. The h-index increased significantly between successive academic ranks concomitant with increases in the number of publications and total citations. Men had higher median h-index than women concomitant with more publications and citations, but the number of citations per publication was similar between groups. Our results suggest that h-index is a reasonable indicator of scholarly productivity in anaesthesia. The results may help comparisons of academic productivity across countries and may be used to assess whether new initiatives designed to reverse recent declines in academic anaesthetic are working. © 2011 The Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland.	N/A
Ioannidis J.P.A.	More time for research: Fund people not projects	2011	Nature	10.1038/477529a	[No abstract available]	N/A
Marzi G.; Ciampi F.; Dalli D.; Dabic M.	New Product Development during the Last Ten Years: The Ongoing Debate and Future Avenues	2021	IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management	10.1109/TEM.2020.2997386	Research on new product development (NPD) has grown considerably over the last 30 years interweaving with serval fields of study such as strategy, marketing, supply chain management, and project management. This article offers an overview of the development of the NPD management literature published over the last ten years (2008 to 2018) in 1226 peer-reviewed articles. By applying bibliometric analysis, we have discovered the existence of five research clusters focused on the following main thematic areas: the NPD process, the integration of diverse knowledge sources for NPD optimization, the relationship between NPD and corporate strategy, the role of users and consumers in the NPD process, and the supplier involvement in the NPD activities. In respect of each area, we selected and reviewed the most relevant contributions and presented the emerging theoretical approaches and best practices. Also, the analysis has helped us to uncover the existence of promising research areas that have been scarcely explored. As a result, we formulated some suggestions for further research to fill in the existing gaps. © 1988-2012 IEEE.	Agile; bibliometrics; cocreation; cross-functional integration; cross-functional integration (CFI); dynamic capabilities; family firms; lead users; literature review; market orientation; new product development; new product development (NPD); new service development; new service development (NSD); open innovation; small and medium enterprises (SMEs); stagegate; strategic alliances; supply chain integration; VOSviewer
Estabrooks C.A.; Winther C.; Derksen L.	Mapping the field: A bibliometric analysis of the research utilization literature in nursing	2004	Nursing Research	10.1097/00006199-200409000-00003	Background: Research utilization is the use of research to guide clinical practice. However, little is known about the characteristics of the research utilization literature in nursing, including the development and organization of this field of study. This article addresses the knowledge gap in this field of study by bibliometrically analyzing the research utilization literature in nursing. Objective: To map research utilization as a field of study in nursing using bibliometric methods, and to identify the structure of this scientific community, including the current network of researchers. Method: A search of electronic and hard copy databases resulted in bibliographic data for 630 articles on research utilization in nursing published between 1972 and 2001. Bibliometric techniques used included a statistical analysis of publication counts, co-word analysis, and co-citation analysis. Results: The analyses showed a trend of increased productivity since the early 1990s. Most publications were authored by a single author, with no tendency toward increased collaboration over time. Most references cited in the articles were nursing references, indicating that there is very little flow into nursing from other fields. Only 4% of the references cited were actual research articles about research utilization, consistent with applied fields in which clinicians most commonly cite other clinicians. The 630 articles were published in a total of 194 different journals, with the Journal of Advanced Nursing identified as a key journal in the field. Conclusions: According to the analysis, tremendous growth has occurred in the field of research utilization. However, the limited amount of collaborative research and the repeated citation of a few references indicate that the field is underdeveloped. The research utilization field would benefit from more substantive conceptual and empirical work, and more collaboration among emerging scholars.	Bibliometrics; Nursing research; Research utilization
Gravel J.; Opatrny L.; Shapiro S.	The intention-to-treat approach in randomized controlled trials: Are authors saying what they do and doing what they say?	2007	Clinical Trials	10.1177/1740774507081223	Background: Intention-to-treat (ITT) is an approach to the analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCT) in which patients are analyzed as randomized regardless of the treatment actually received. Purpose: To ascertain the proportion of RCT reporting the use of intention-to-treat and the accuracy of that report and to examine the distribution and analysis of missing data for the studies reporting an ITT analysis. Method: We conducted a cross-sectional literature review of RCTs reported in 10 medical journals in 2002. All articles were assessed using a standardized form. Two evaluators independently reviewed a 10% sample of articles to assess reliability. Subsequently, one evaluator reviewed the remaining articles. The proportion of articles reporting the use of ITT was calculated. Among these, the proportion of articles that 'analyzed patients as randomized' and the proportion and analysis of missing data were evaluated using standardized definitions. Results: Of the 403 articles, 249 (62%) reported the use of ITT. Among these, available patients were clearly analyzed as randomized in 192 (77%). Authors used a modified ITT in 23 (9%); clearly violated a major component of ITT in 17 (7%), and the approach used was unclear in 17 (7%). More than 60% of articles had missing data in their primary analysis. Few articles reported a strategy for missing data. The main reason for missing data was loss to follow-up. Limitations: A single evaluator evaluated most articles, but the high concordance obtained during the inter-rater evaluation suggests that the assessments were consistent. In addition, the small spectrum of journals limits generalizability. Finally, there could be a difference between what was reported and what was performed. Conclusions: This study emphasizes that authors use the label 'intention-to-treat' quite differently. The most common use refers to the analysis of all available subjects as randomized regardless of the missing data aspect. © Society for Clinical Trials 2007.	N/A
Mosbah-Natanson S.; Gingras Y.	The globalization of social sciences? Evidence from a quantitative analysis of 30 years of production, collaboration and citations in the social sciences (1980-2009)	2014	Current Sociology	10.1177/0011392113498866	This article addresses the issue of internationalization of social sciences by studying the evolution of production (of academic articles), collaboration and citations patterns among main world regions over the period 1980-2009 using the SSCI. The results confirm the centre-periphery model and indicate that the centrality of the two major regions that are North America and Europe is largely unchallenged, Europe having become more important and despite the growing development of Asian social sciences. The authors' quantitative approach shows that the growing production in the social sciences but also the rise of international collaborations between regions have not led to a more homogeneous circulation of the knowledge produced by different regions, or to a substantial increase in the visibility of the contributions produced by peripheral regions. Social scientists from peripheral regions, while producing more papers in the core journals compiled by the SSCI, have a stronger tendency to cite journals from the two central regions, thus losing at least partially their more locally embedded references, and to collaborate more with western social scientists. In other words, the dynamic of internationalization of social science research may also lead to a phagocytosis of the periphery into the two major centers, which brings with it the danger of losing interest in the local objects specific to those peripheral regions. © The Author(s) 2013.	Bibliometrics; Bibliometría; Bibliométrie; ciencias sociales; estudios cuantitativos; études quantitatives; globalización; globalization; mondialisation; periferia; periphery; périphérie; quantitative studies; sciences sociales; social sciences
McBurney M.K.; Novak P.L.	What is bibliometrics and why should you care?	2002	IEEE International Professional Communication Conference	N/A	Viewed in the aggregate, a company's publications represent one of its greatest business assets. Can professionals in the information and communication fields help their company understand the return on its investment in publishing ? The field of bibliometrics studies publication patterns by using quantitative analysis and statistics. Bibliometrics can be either descriptive, such as looking at how many articles your organization has published, or evaluative, such as using citation analysis to look at how those articles influenced subsequent research by others. Counting publications can be useful for doing some comparisons, but citation analysis allows you to look at the impact those articles have had on others by determining how often they are cited. Citation analysis can also show what journals, organizations, and even countries have high impact in different fields of research. The Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) has been a leader in the citation analysis field since 1961, when ISI published the first Science Citation Index. Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (PNNL) has been using data from ISI for both descriptive and evaluative purposes. This data is used to track what the researchers at the Laboratory are writing and then comparing research groups within the organization over a period of years to identify trends and opportunities. PNNL has also used citation analysis to explore what organizations and academic institutions are doing research in certain fields for partnering opportunities.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Impact factor
Barbic D.; Tubman M.; Lam H.; Barbic S.	An Analysis of Altmetrics in Emergency Medicine	2016	Academic Emergency Medicine	10.1111/acem.12898	Objectives Alternative-level metrics (Altmetrics) are a new method to assess the sharing and spread of scientific knowledge. The primary objective of this study was to describe the traditional metrics and Altmetric scores of the 50 most frequently cited articles published in emergency medicine (EM) journals. Since many articles related to EM are published in other journals, the secondary aim of this study was to describe the Altmetric scores of the most frequently cited articles relevant to EM in other biomedical journals. Methods A structured search of the Institute for Scientific Information Web of Science version of the Science Citation Index Expanded was conducted. The 200 most frequently cited articles in the top 10 EM journals (2011 Journal Citation Report) were identified. The 200 most frequently cited articles from the rest of the medical literature, matching a predefined list of keywords relevant to the specialty of EM, were identified. Two authors reviewed the lists of citations for relevance to EM and a consensus approach was used to arrive at the final lists of the top 50 cited articles. The Altmetric scores for the top 50 cited articles in EM and other journals were determined. Descriptive statistics and Spearman correlation were performed. Results The highest Altmetric score for EM articles was 25.0; the mean (±SD) was 1.9 (±5.0). The EM journal with the highest mean article Altmetric score was Resuscitation. The main clinical areas shared for articles from EM articles were trauma (mean ± SD = 11.0 ± 15.6, median = 11.0) and cardiac arrest (mean ± SD = 2.7 ± 5.8, median = 0). The highest Altmetric score for other journals was 176.0 (mean ± SD = 23.3 ± 40.8). The other journal with the highest mean article Altmetric score was the New England Journal of Medicine. The main clinical areas shared for articles were critical care (mean ± SD score = 36.5 ± 47.4, median = 36.5), sepsis (mean ± SD = 24.6 ± 48.8, median = 12.0), cardiology (mean ± SD = 19.2 ± 35.6, median = 7.0), and infectious diseases (mean ± SD = 17.0 ± 12.7, median = 17.0). Spearman correlation demonstrated weakly positive correlation between citation counts and Altmetric scores for EM articles and other journals. Conclusions This study is the first analysis of Altmetric scores for the top cited articles in EM. We demonstrated that there is a mild correlation between citation counts and Altmetric scores for the top papers in EM and other biomedical journals. We also demonstrated that there is a gap between the sharing of the top articles in EM journals and those related to EM in other biomedical journals. Future research to explore this relationship and its temporal trends will benefit the understanding of the reach and dissemination of EM research within the scientific community and society in general. © 2016 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.	N/A
Calabretta G.; Durisin B.; Ogliengo M.	Uncovering the Intellectual Structure of Research in Business Ethics: A Journey Through the History, the Classics, and the Pillars of Journal of Business Ethics	2011	Journal of Business Ethics	10.1007/s10551-011-0924-8	After almost 30 years of publications, Journal of Business Ethics (JBE) has achieved the position of main marketplace for business ethics discussion and knowledge generation. Given the large amount of knowledge produced, an assessment of the state of the art could benefit both the constructive development of the discipline and the further growth of the journal itself. As the evolution of a discipline is set to be reflected in the evolution of its leading journal, we attempt to characterize changes in the intellectual structure of business ethics through a bibliometric analysis of articles published in JBE. Specifically, we conduct a knowledge-stock analysis to assess the evolution, major trends, and current state of the journal. Additionally, we use citation and co-citation analysis to provide an accurate description of the content and the advancement of research in business ethics. Through the results of our analysis, we are able to: (1) pinpoint the characteristics of the growing stock of knowledge published by JBE over the years; (2) identify the most influential works on business ethics research; and (3) detect the formation and evolution of schools of thought in business ethics. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Bibliometrics; Business ethics; Corporate social responsibility; Ethical decision making; Literature review
White H.D.; Boell S.K.; Yu H.; Davis M.; Wilson C.S.; Cole F.T.H.	Libcitations: A measure for comparative assessment of book publications in the humanities and social sciences	2009	Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.21045	"Bibliometric measures for evaluating research units in the book-oriented humanities and social sciences are underdeveloped relative to those available for journal-oriented science and technology. We therefore present a new measure designed for book-oriented fields: the ""libcitation count."" This is a count of the libraries holding a given book, as reported in a national or international union catalog. As librarians decide what to acquire for the audiences they serve, they jointly constitute an instrument for gauging the cultural impact of books. Their decisions are informed by knowledge not only of audiences but also of the book world (e.g., the reputations of authors and the prestige of publishers). From libcitation counts, measures can be derived for comparing research units. Here, we imagine a match-up between the departments of history, philosophy, and political science at the University of New South Wales and the University of Sydney in Australia. We chose the 12 books from each department that had the highest libcitation counts in the Libraries Australia union catalog during 2000 to 2006. We present each book's raw libcitation count, its rank within its Library of Congress (LC) class, and its LC-class normalized libcitation score. The latter is patterned on the item-oriented field normalized citation score used in evaluative bibliometrics. Summary statistics based on these measures allow the departments to be compared for cultural impact. Our work has implications for programs such as Excellence in Research for Australia and the Research Assessment Exercise in the United Kingdom. It also has implications for data mining in OCLC's WorldCat. © 2009 ASIS&T."	N/A
Wallace M.L.; Larivière V.; Gingras Y.	Modeling a century of citation distributions	2009	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2009.03.010	"The prevalence of uncited papers or of highly cited papers, with respect to the bulk of publications, provides important clues as to the dynamics of scientific research. Using 25 million papers and 600 million references from the Web of Science over the 1900-2006 period, this paper proposes a simple model based on a random selection process to explain the ""uncitedness"" phenomenon and its decline over the years. We show that the proportion of cited papers is a function of (1) the number of articles available (the competing papers), (2) the number of citing papers and (3) the number of references they contain. Using uncitedness as a departure point, we demonstrate the utility of the stretched-exponential function and a form of the Tsallis q-exponential function to fit complete citation distributions over the 20th century. As opposed to simple power-law fits, for instance, both these approaches are shown to be empirically well-grounded and robust enough to better understand citation dynamics at the aggregate level. On the basis of these models, we provide quantitative evidence and provisional explanations for an important shift in citation practices around 1960. We also propose a revision of the ""citation classic"" category as a set of articles which is clearly distinguishable from the rest of the field. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; Citation distributions; Citations; History of science; Uncitedness
Zhang K.; Wang Q.; Liang Q.-M.; Chen H.	A bibliometric analysis of research on carbon tax from 1989 to 2014	2016	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2015.12.089	As one of the most cost-effective means of emission reduction, carbon tax has attracted considerable attention from economists and international organizations and has led to a large number of related research. Using the bibliometric method, this paper characterizes the carbon tax literature from 1989 to 2014 based on the Network Database Platform of Web of Science. The results indicate that the USA occupies a leading position in the carbon tax field. The Vrije University Amsterdam, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University were the most productive research institutes. Energy Policy (143) has been the most productive journal followed by Energy Economics (44) and Energy (38). In general, the cooperation of authors, institutes and nations are continuing to strengthen; however, the growth rate at the author level was significantly higher than the others. In addition, the current key research areas in the carbon tax field based on Co-Keyword Analysis are as follows: climate change and relevant policy, carbon emissions trading, socio-economic effects of carbon tax, renewable energy, endogenous technological change and carbon capture and storage. The results of this paper will help researchers grasp the current research in the carbon tax field but also provide a supporting role for future work. © 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric analysis; Carbon tax; Co-Keyword analysis; Research trends
Andersen J.; Belmont J.; Cho C.T.	Journal impact factor in the era of expanding literature	2006	Journal of Microbiology, Immunology and Infection	N/A	The Journal Citation Reports (JCR) of the Science Citation Index (SCI), published by the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI), provides a comprehensive database for analysis of journals. Recent use of JCR's journal impact factor for evaluation of journals and authors has provoked strongly mixed reactions among investigators. This paper examines the effects of the rapidly expanding literature on the impact factor over the past decade and examines the limitations of journal impact factor for evaluating individual author's contributions. The JCR analyzed 6088 journals in 2005, a 32% increase in new listings since 1995. During the same period, there was a 39% increase in new journal listings in the infectious diseases category. The phenomenon of journal proliferation has had a profound effect on the journal impact factor. During the past decade an increased impact factor was observed in 92% of the top ranking major journals, especially in young and rapidly expanding research fields. Certain highly cited new journals published primarily review articles - not original contributions. There was no increase in impact factor among some of the best known journals, such as Journal of Experimental Medicine, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (USA), and Journal of Infectious Diseases. Clearly, journal impact factor is an imperfect tool for measuring the quality of articles, and its use in evaluating authors has inherent risks. In spite of its limitations, journal impact factor can be used as a rough indicator of scientific quality in specific subject categories and for serious reading and learning. © 2006 Journal of Microbiology, Immunology and Infection.	Abstracting and indexing; Bibliographic; Bibliometrics; Biomedical research; Communicable diseases; Databases
Du H.; Li N.; Brown M.A.; Peng Y.; Shuai Y.	A bibliographic analysis of recent solar energy literatures: The expansion and evolution of a research field	2014	Renewable Energy	10.1016/j.renene.2014.01.018	This paper characterizes the solar energy literature from 1992 to 2011 using bibliometric techniques based on databases of the Science Citation Index and the Social Science Citation Index. Journal articles were the most frequently used document type representing 86.4% (6670) of the records. The pace of publishing in this field increased exponentially over these two decades, with the US accounting for the highest h-index (87) and the most publications (1273), followed by China and India. The US also plays a central role in the collaboration network among the 20 most productive countries, while China and India do not because of their more limited cross-national authorships. The Indian Institute of Technology was the organization with the most records (126), but it has few multinational co-authored articles. In contrast, the Paul Scherrer Institute in Switzerland is central to the collaboration network. The largest number of retrieved journal articles was in the area of energy applications (1059 articles) followed by light absorbing materials (983) and solar cells (420). Energy applications mainly address hydrogen, desalination, air conditioning, drying, heat pumps, biomass, and water splitting, while the light absorbing material mainly cover nano materials, TiO2, semiconductors, thin films, phase change material and so on. This analysis not only identifies global hotspots in solar energy research, but may also influence researchers' selection of future studies and publications. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.	Bibliometrics; H-Index; Social network analysis; Solar energy
Uthman O.A.; Wiysonge C.S.; Ota M.O.; Nicol M.; Hussey G.D.; Ndumbe P.M.; Mayosi B.M.	Increasing the value of health research in the WHO African Region beyond 2015 - Reflecting on the past, celebrating the present and building the future: A bibliometric analysis	2015	BMJ Open	10.1136/bmjopen-2014-006340	Objective: To assess the profile and determinants of health research productivity in Africa since the onset of the new millennium. Design: Bibliometric analysis. Data collection and synthesis: In November 2014, we searched PubMed for articles published between 2000 and 2014 from the WHO African Region, and obtained country-level indicators from World Bank data. We used Poisson regression to examine time trends in research publications and negative binomial regression to explore determinants of research publications. Results: We identified 107 662 publications, with a median of 727 per country (range 25-31 757). Three countries (South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya) contributed 52% of the publications. The number of publications increased from 3623 in 2000 to 12 709 in 2014 (relative growth 251%). Similarly, the per cent share of worldwide research publications per year increased from 0.7% in 2000 to 1.3% in 2014. The trend analysis was also significant to confirm a continuous increase in health research publications from Africa, with productivity increasing by 10.3% per year (95% CIs +10.1% to +10.5%). The only independent predictor of publication outputs was national gross domestic product. For every one log US$ billion increase in gross domestic product, research publications rose by 105%: incidence rate ratio (IRR=2.05, 95% CI 1.39 to 3.04). The association of private health expenditure with publications was only marginally significant (IRR=1.86, 95% CI 1.00 to 3.47). Conclusions: There has been a significant improvement in health research in the WHO African Region since 2000, with some individual countries already having strong research profiles. Countries of the region should implement the WHO Strategy on Research for Health: reinforcing the research culture (organisation); focusing research on key health challenges (priorities); strengthening national health research systems (capacity); encouraging good research practice (standards); and consolidating linkages between health research and action (translation). © 2015, BMJ. All rights reserved.	N/A
Miau S.; Yang J.-M.	Bibliometrics-based evaluation of the Blockchain research trend: 2008–March 2017	2018	Technology Analysis and Strategic Management	10.1080/09537325.2018.1434138	The aim of this study is to review the literature growth and author productivity of Blockchain technology research from 2008 to March 2017. 801 articles were retrieved from Scopus database and analyzed with bibliometrics approach using different perspective views. The author productivity was derived using the Lotka’s law and K-S test was performed to verify the reliability. The result indicates that the number of literatures on Blockchain is still increasing. Three stages of Blockchain research change were discovered. In 2008 to 2013, the topics were related to the Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies; in 2014 to 2015, the number of Bitcoin literatures grew rapidly; after 2016, a lot of researchers are paying attention to the techniques of Blockchain and smart contract. Moreover, the distribution of author productivity meets the study of Lotka. This study presents state-of-the-art and abstract the trend of Blockchain research regarding several perspectives of bibliometrics analysis. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	bibliometrics; Blockchain; Lotka's law
Almeida-Filho N.; Kawachi I.; Pellegrini Filho A.; Dachs J.N.W.	Research on Health Inequalities in Latin America and the Caribbean: Bibliometric Analysis (1971-2000) and Descriptive Content Analysis (1971-1995)	2003	American Journal of Public Health	10.2105/AJPH.93.12.2037	We conducted a bibliometric and content analysis of research on health inequalities produced in Latin American and Caribbean countries. In our bibliometric analysis (n=576), we used indexed material published between 1971 and 2000. The content analysis (n=269) covered the period 1971 to 1995 and included unpublished material. We found recent rapid growth in overall output. Brazil, Chile, and Mexico contributed mostly empirical research, while Ecuador and Argentina produced more conceptual studies. We found, in the literature reviewed, a relative neglect of gender, race, and ethnicity issues. We also found remarkable diversity in research designs, however, along with strong consideration of ecological and ethnographic methods absent in other research traditions.	N/A
Michel J.-P.; Sadana R.	“Healthy Aging” Concepts and Measures	2017	Journal of the American Medical Directors Association	10.1016/j.jamda.2017.03.008	[No abstract available]	N/A
Mehlhorn H.; Al-Rasheid K.A.S.; Al-Quraishy S.; Abdel-Ghaffar F.	Research and increase of expertise in arachno-entomology are urgently needed	2012	Parasitology Research	10.1007/s00436-011-2480-7	Considering the contents of international journals of parasitology dealing with broader topics inside this field show that rather a few papers appear with studies in the discipline of arachno-entomology. In the journals Journal of Parasitology, Parasitology Research and Trends in Parasitology, the relations of published papers on protozoology, helminthology and arachno-entomology showed that in all three journals, papers on protozoans were the most common, while those on helminths of any kind reached the second place being rather as common as the protozoan papers in Parasitology Research and in the Journal of Parasitology. In Trends of Parasitology, however, the papers on helminths reached only about 25% of the numbers published on protozoan topics. But in all three journals - and this is important - the papers on arachnoentomological themes were scarce reaching less than the half of the protozoan papers in Parasitology Research, and only about 15% in the Journal of Parasitology and in the Trends of Parasitology. These disproportions between the three great subdivisions of targets in the focus of parasitological research are dangerous, since this lack exists already for several decades and thus led to a backlog of unsolved increasing problems that are caused by ticks, mites, insects and/or parasitic crustaceans especially in times of intensive globalization and global warming. Studies on the biology, vectorship, invasion and spreading of wanted vectors and on the control of pests and parasites belonging to the field of arachno-entomology are urgently needed. © Springer-Verlag 2011.	N/A
Pauna V.H.; Buonocore E.; Renzi M.; Russo G.F.; Franzese P.P.	The issue of microplastics in marine ecosystems: A bibliometric network analysis	2019	Marine Pollution Bulletin	10.1016/j.marpolbul.2019.110612	Human activities lead to several impacts on marine ecosystems, among which a massive input of plastic entering the marine environment. This scenario has the potential to threaten ecosystem health and integrity, also reducing the ability of marine ecosystems to provide good and services on which human well-being relies. In this study, the global scientific literature on marine microplastics was explored by combining social network analysis and bibliometrics. Network maps displayed the relationships among keywords, authors, countries, and journals dealing with the issue of microplastics in marine ecosystems. The citation analysis of journals showed that “Marine Pollution Bulletin” resulted the first among the scientific journals publishing articles on this subject. The results also highlighted that most research on the subject is focused on toxicology and environmental chemistry, while ecological studies focusing on the impact of microplastics at ecosystem level are still limited. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Marine ecosystems; Microplastics; VOSviewer
Huang L.; Zhang Y.; Guo Y.; Zhu D.; Porter A.L.	Four dimensional Science and Technology planning: A new approach based on bibliometrics and technology roadmapping	2014	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2012.09.010	Seemingly endless new technologies are emerging. Mapping out Science and Technology (S&T) planning correctly on the national level would help innovation shareholders remain current on technological development trends and gain an advantageous position among the fierce future competition of the global market. Thus, formulating effective S&T planning is significant for a nation, especially for new and emerging technologies. This paper proposes an industry S&T planning framework. Different from previous frameworks, this methodology's dynamic is directed in four dimensions (nation, technology, industry, risks and impacts), tries to find the key elements in a specific technology area, and aims to aid in national S&T planning. China's solar cell industry is employed as the case study. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Four dimensional planning; Patent analysis; Science and Technology (S&T) planning; Solar cells; Technology roadmapping
Petersen A.M.	Quantifying the impact of weak, strong, and super ties in scientific careers	2015	Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America	10.1073/pnas.1501444112	Scientists are frequently faced with the important decision to start or terminate a creative partnership. This process can be influenced by strategic motivations, as early career researchers are pursuers, whereas senior researchers are typically attractors, of new collaborative opportunities. Focusing on the longitudinal aspects of scientific collaboration, we analyzed 473 collaboration profiles using an egocentric perspective that accounts for researcher-specific characteristics and provides insight into a range of topics, from career achievement and sustainability to team dynamics and efficiency. From more than 166,000 collaboration records, we quantify the frequency distributions of collaboration duration and tie strength, showing that collaboration networks are dominated by weak ties characterized by high turnover rates. We use analytic extreme value thresholds to identify a new class of indispensable super ties, the strongest of which commonly exhibit >50% publication overlap with the central scientist. The prevalence of super ties suggests that they arise from career strategies based upon cost, risk, and reward sharing and complementary skill matching. We then use a combination of descriptive and panel regression methods to compare the subset of publications coauthored with a super tie to the subset without one, controlling for pertinent features such as career age, prestige, team size, and prior group experience. We find that super ties contribute to above-average productivity and a 17% citation increase per publication, thus identifying these partnerships - the analog of life partners - as a major factor in science career development.	Bibliometrics; Career evaluation; Computational social science; Cooperation; Team science
Pierce J.P.; Gilpin E.A.	News media coverage of smoking and health is associated with changes in population rates of smoking cessation but not initiation	2001	Tobacco Control	10.1136/tc.10.2.145	Objective - To determine whether changes in news media coverage of smoking and health issues are associated with changes in smoking behaviour in the USA. Design and main outcome measures - Issue importance in the US news media is assessed by the number of articles published annually in major magazines indexed in The Reader's Guide to Periodical Literature. Annual incidence rates for cessation and initiation in the USA were computed from the large, representative National Health Interview Surveys (1965-1992). Patterns in cessation incidence were considered for ages 20-34 years and 35-50 years. Initiation incidence was examined for adolescents (14-17 years) and young adults (18-21 years) of both sexes. Results - From 1950 to the early 1980s, the annual incidence of cessation in the USA mirrored the pattern of news media coverage of smoking and health, particularly for middle aged smokers. Cessation rates in younger adults increased considerably when secondhand smoke concerns started to increase in the US population. Incidence of initiation in young adults did not start to decline until the beginning of the public health campaign against smoking in the 1960s. Among adolescents, incidence rates did not start to decline until the 1970s, after the broadcast ban on cigarette advertising. Conclusions - The level of coverage of smoking and health in the news media may play an important role in determining the rate of population smoking cessation, but not initiation. In countries where cessation has lagged, advocates should work to increase the newsworthiness of smoking and health issues.	Cessation; Health; Initiation; Mass media
Zimmermann C.	Death denial: Obstacle or instrument for palliative care? An analysis of clinical literature	2007	Sociology of Health and Illness	10.1111/j.1467-9566.2007.00495.x	As a society and as individuals, we have come to recognize ourselves as 'death-denying', a self-characterisation particularly prominent in palliative care discourse and practice. As part of a larger project examining death attitudes in the palliative care setting, a Medline search (1971 to 2001) was performed combining the text words 'deny' and 'denial' with the subject headings 'terminal care', 'palliative care' and 'hospice care'. The 30 articles were analysed using a constant comparison technique and emerging themes regarding the meaning and usage of the words deny and denial were identified. This paper examines the theme of denial as an obstacle to palliative care. In the articles, denial was described as an impediment to open discussion of dying, dying at home, stopping 'futile' treatments, advance care planning and control of symptoms. I suggest that these components of care together constitute what has come to be perceived as a correct 'way to die'. Indeed, the very conceptualisation of denial as an obstacle to these components of care has been integral to building and sustaining the 'way to die' itself. The personal struggle with mortality has become an important instrument in the public problem of managing the dying process. © 2007 The Author.	Attitude to death; Denial of death; Discourse analysis; Palliative care
Ruiz-Rosero J.; Ramirez-Gonzalez G.; Viveros-Delgado J.	Software survey: ScientoPy, a scientometric tool for topics trend analysis in scientific publications	2019	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-019-03213-w	Bibliometric analysis is growing research filed supported in different tools. Some of these tools are based on network representation or thematic analysis. Despite years of tools development, still, there is the need to support merging information from different sources and enhancing longitudinal temporal analysis as part of trending topic evolution. We carried out a new scientometric open-source tool called ScientoPy and demonstrated it in a use case for the Internet of things topic. This tool contributes to merging problems from Scopus and Clarivate Web of Science sources, extracts and represents h-index for the analysis topic, and offers a set of possibilities for temporal analysis for authors, institutions, wildcards, and trending topics using four different visualizations options. This tool enables future bibliometric analysis in different emerging fields. © 2019, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Internet of things; Science mapping; Scientometrics; ScientoPy; Wildcards
Sun J.; Wang M.-H.; Ho Y.-S.	A historical review and bibliometric analysis of research on estuary pollution	2012	Marine Pollution Bulletin	10.1016/j.marpolbul.2011.10.034	A bibliometric method based on Science Citation Index-Expanded published by the Thomson Reuters was used to quantitatively assess the global estuary pollution research from 1991 to 2010. The main results were as follows: there had been a notable growth trend in publication outputs. Marine Pollution Bulletin was the most active journal. Environmental sciences were top popular subject categories. USA produced the most single, internationally collaborative, first authored and corresponding authored articles. The Chinese Academy of Sciences was the most productive institute for the total articles. Sediment was the most active research topic, which ranked 1st in article title, article abstract, author keyword, and KeyWords Plus analysis, respectively. Heavy metals received stable focus on a high degree in the field of estuary pollution research. Mostly refractory organic compounds (e.g. PAHs) became more active. Biomarkers and bioaccumulation both were active issues. Eutrophication of estuarine waters receives increasing concern in estuary pollution research. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.	Estuary; Research trend; SCI; Scientometrics; Web of Science
De Groote S.L.; Raszewski R.	Coverage of Google Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science: A case study of the h-index in nursing	2012	Nursing Outlook	10.1016/j.outlook.2012.04.007	Purpose: This study compares the articles cited in CINAHL, Scopus, Web of Science (WOS), and Google Scholar and the h-index ratings provided by Scopus, WOS, and Google Scholar. Methods: The publications of 30 College of Nursing faculty at a large urban university were examined. Searches by author name were executed in Scopus, WOS, and POP (Publish or Perish, which searches Google Scholar), and the h-index for each author from each database was recorded. In addition, the citing articles of their published articles were imported into a bibliographic management program. This data was used to determine an aggregated h-index for each author. Results: Scopus, WOS, and Google Scholar provided different h-index ratings for authors and each database found unique and duplicate citing references. Conclusions: More than one tool should be used to calculate the h-index for nursing faculty because one tool alone cannot be relied on to provide a thorough assessment of a researcher's impact. If researchers are interested in a comprehensive h-index, they should aggregate the citing references located by WOS and Scopus. Because h-index rankings differ among databases, comparisons between researchers should be done only within a specified database. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.	CINAHL; Google Scholar; H-index; Nursing research; Scopus; Web of Science
Gupta A.; Katarya R.	Social media based surveillance systems for healthcare using machine learning: A systematic review	2020	Journal of Biomedical Informatics	10.1016/j.jbi.2020.103500	Background: Real-time surveillance in the field of health informatics has emerged as a growing domain of interest among worldwide researchers. Evolution in this field has helped in the introduction of various initiatives related to public health informatics. Surveillance systems in the area of health informatics utilizing social media information have been developed for early prediction of disease outbreaks and to monitor diseases. In the past few years, the availability of social media data, particularly Twitter data, enabled real-time syndromic surveillance that provides immediate analysis and instant feedback to those who are charged with follow-ups and investigation of potential outbreaks. In this paper, we review the recent work, trends, and machine learning(ML) text classification approaches used by surveillance systems seeking social media data in the healthcare domain. We also highlight the limitations and challenges followed by possible future directions that can be taken further in this domain. Methods: To study the landscape of research in health informatics performing surveillance of the various health-related data posted on social media or web-based platforms, we present a bibliometric analysis of the 1240 publications indexed in multiple scientific databases (IEEE, ACM Digital Library, ScienceDirect, PubMed) from the year 2010–2018. The papers were further reviewed based on the various machine learning algorithms used for analyzing health-related text posted on social media platforms. Findings: Based on the corpus of 148 selected articles, the study finds the types of social media or web-based platforms used for surveillance in the healthcare domain, along with the health topic(s) studied by them. In the corpus of selected articles, we found 26 articles were using machine learning technique. These articles were studied to find commonly used ML techniques. The majority of studies (24%) focused on the surveillance of flu or influenza-like illness (ILI). Twitter (64%) is the most popular data source to perform surveillance research using social media text data, and Support Vector Machine (SVM) (33%) being the most used ML algorithm for text classification. Conclusions: The inclusion of online data in surveillance systems has improved the disease prediction ability over traditional syndromic surveillance systems. However, social media based surveillance systems have many limitations and challenges, including noise, demographic bias, privacy issues, etc. Our paper mentions future directions, which can be useful for researchers working in the area. Researchers can use this paper as a library for social media based surveillance systems in the healthcare domain and can expand such systems by incorporating the future works discussed in our paper. © 2020 Elsevier Inc.	Health informatics; Machine learning; Outbreak detection; Social media; Surveillance systems
Kaplan W.A.; Ritz L.S.; Vitello M.; Wirtz V.J.	Policies to promote use of generic medicines in low and middle income countries: A review of published literature, 2000-2010	2012	Health Policy	10.1016/j.healthpol.2012.04.015	Objective: Review the literature on the impact of policies designed to enhance uptake of generic medicines in low and middle income countries (LMICs). Methods: We searched for publications related to generic medicines policies (January 2000-March 2010) and did a bibliometric, descriptive analysis of the dataset in addition to an analysis of studies evaluating the impact of pro-generic policies. We repeated a subset of this larger search in January 2012. Results: Of the 4994 articles screened, 315 (6.3%) full-text publications were related to generic medicines policies. Of these 315, 236 (75%) dealt with generic medicine policies in high-income countries, and 79 (25%) with policies in LMICs. In total, we found only 10 evaluation studies looking at the impact of competition, trade, pricing and prescribing policies on generic medicine price and/or volume. Key barriers to implementing generic medicine policies in LMICs are negative perceptions of stakeholders (e.g., generics are of lower quality) plus perverse private sector financial incentives to sell products with the highest profit margin. Other relevant barriers are legal/regulatory, such as the absence of generic substitution regulations. There also exists a general difficulty in promoting generics due to a lack of transparency in the pharmaceutical supply and distribution system, for example, a lack of price information provided by health care provider organizations to physicians. Conclusion: There is little policy evaluation to determine which pro-generic policies increase generic medicines utilization in LMICs. Ensuring a functioning medicines regulation authority, creating a reasonably robust market of generic medicines and aligning incentives for physicians, consumers and drug sellers are necessary prerequisites for increasing the uptake and use of generic medicines. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.	Generic medicines; Low and middle income countries; Pharmaceutical policy; Regulation
Riccaboni M.; Verginer L.	The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on scientific research in the life sciences	2022	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0263001	The COVID-19 outbreak has posed an unprecedented challenge to humanity and science. On the one side, public and private incentives have been put in place to promptly allocate resources toward research areas strictly related to the COVID-19 emergency. However, research in many fields not directly related to the pandemic has been displaced. In this paper, we assess the impact of COVID-19 on world scientific production in the life sciences and find indications that the usage of medical subject headings (MeSH) has changed following the outbreak. We estimate through a difference-in-differences approach the impact of the start of the COVID-19 pandemic on scientific production using the PubMed database (3.6 Million research papers). We find that COVID-19-related MeSH terms have experienced a 6.5 fold increase in output on average, while publications on unrelated MeSH terms dropped by 10 to 12%. The publication weighted impact has an even more pronounced negative effect (-16% to -19%). Moreover, COVID-19 has displaced clinical trial publications (-24%) and diverted grants from research areas not closely related to COVID-19. Note that since COVID-19 publications may have been fast-tracked, the sudden surge in COVID-19 publications might be driven by editorial policy. © 2022 Riccaboni, Verginer. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Blasi S.; Ganzaroli A.; De Noni I.	Smartening sustainable development in cities: Strengthening the theoretical linkage between smart cities and SDGs	2022	Sustainable Cities and Society	10.1016/j.scs.2022.103793	In 2015, the United Nations General Assembly set up 17 interlinked global goals designed to be a blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all, which are commonly addressed as SDGs. In this blueprint, cities are seen as a hotspot for achieving those goals by 2030. In this context, cities, through smart technologies, are engaging in generating a sustainable ecosystem that is inclusive of social and environmental concerns. The main objective of this paper is to assess the effect of SDGs institutionalization on the concept of smart sustainable cities. To this end, we review the literature on smart cities and SDGs to analyze the degree of alignment and potential areas of development. The results reveal the existence of brokerage keywords, which rank high in both fields of the literature, but are missing from the portfolio of overlapping keywords. This is the case for water management, energy, governance, and collaboration. While concepts such as sustainability, waste management, civic engagement, and innovation are in common, albeit explored differently. © 2022	SDGs, Bibliometric analysis; Smart cities; Sustainability
Liu X.; Zhan F.B.; Hong S.; Niu B.; Liu Y.	A bibliometric study of earthquake research: 1900-2010	2012	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-011-0599-z	We evaluated earthquake research performance based on a bibliometric analysis of 84,051 documents published in journals and other outlets contained in the Scientific Citation Index (SCI) and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) bibliographic databases for the period of 1900-2010. We summarized significant publication indicators in earthquake research, evaluated national and institutional research performance, and presented earthquake research development from a supplementary perspective. Research output descriptors suggested a solid development in earthquake research, in terms of increasing scientific production and research collaboration. We identified leading authors, institutions, and nations in earthquake research, and there was an uneven distribution of publications at authorial, institutional, and national levels. The most commonly used keywords appeared in the articles were evolution, California, deformation, model, inversion, seismicity, tectonics, crustal structure, fault, zone, lithosphere, and attenuation. © 2012 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Earthquake; Evaluation; Research performance
Horton N.J.; Switzer S.S.	Statistical methods in the Journal [6]	2005	New England Journal of Medicine	10.1056/NEJM200511033531823	[No abstract available]	N/A
Herzog C.; Hook D.; Konkiel S.	Dimensions: Bringing down barriers between scientometricians and data	2020	Quantitative Science Studies	10.1162/qss_a_00020	Until recently, comprehensive scientometrics data has been made available only in siloed, subscription-based tools that are inaccessible to researchers who lack institutional support and resources. As a result of limited data access, research evaluation practices have focused upon basic indicators that only take publications and their citation rates into account. This has blocked innovation on many fronts. Dimensions is a database that links and contextualizes different research information objects. It brings together data describing and linking awarded grants, clinical trials, patents, and policy documents, as well as altmetric information, alongside traditional publications and citations data. This article describes the approach that Digital Science is taking to support the scientometric community, together with the various Dimensions tools available to researchers who wish to use Dimensions data in their research at no cost. © 2020 Christian Herzog, Daniel Hook, and Stacy Konkiel.	Bibliometrics; Dimensions; Indicator development; Scientometrics
Rossetto D.E.; Bernardes R.C.; Borini F.M.; Gattaz C.C.	Structure and evolution of innovation research in the last 60 years: review and future trends in the field of business through the citations and co-citations analysis	2018	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-018-2709-7	The field of innovation studies has grown considerably in the last four decades, which has led to the emergence of new approaches and theoretical aspects that need to be examined and considered. Therefore, this paper aims to understand what are the main theoretical pillars that support the structure of innovation theories and fields, how it evolved over the years and what are the directions that lead to future trends in innovation research. The procedure consists in a mix-methods using the citation and co-citation analysis associated with bibliometric methods, Social Network Analysis, and a systematic review of the literature. The results were validated by Delphi with academic specialists in innovation. Considering publications between 1956 and 2016 divided into four 15-years timespan, the longitudinal analysis results indicate the evolution of the main streams of thoughts that support the current innovation research fields and depict a research orientation for future works that can be developed to generate relevant contributions for the theoretical development of the area. This paper differentiates itself bringing results based on a large database, by the research methods employed, and by the perspective adopted provides solid contributions to the understanding of the past, present, and future of the scientific research in innovation to business administration field. © 2018, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Co-citation analysis; Innovation; Social network analysis; Systematic literature review
Wu H.; Cheng K.; Guo Q.; Yang W.; Tong L.; Wang Y.; Sun Z.	Mapping Knowledge Structure and Themes Trends of Osteoporosis in Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Bibliometric Analysis	2021	Frontiers in Medicine	10.3389/fmed.2021.787228	Background: Rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic disabling disease characterized by chronic inflammation, articular cartilage destruction, and reduced bone mass. Multiple studies have revealed that the development of osteoporosis in rheumatoid arthritis (RA; ORA) patients could be led to a reduced quality of life and increased healthcare costs. Nevertheless, no attempt has been made to analyze the field of ORA research with the bibliometric method. This study aimed to provide a comprehensive overview of the knowledge structure and theme trends in the field of ORA research from a bibliometric perspective. Methods: Articles and reviews regarding ORA from 1998 to 2021 were identified from the Web of Science database. An online bibliometric platform, CiteSpace, and VOSviewer software were used to generate visualization knowledge maps including co-authorship, co-citation, and co-occurrence analysis. SPSS, R, and Microsoft Excel software were used to conduct curve fitting and correlation analysis, and to analyze quantitative indicators, such as publication and citation counts, h-index, and journal citation reports. Results: A total of 1,081 papers with 28,473 citations were identified. Publications were mainly concentrated in North America, Western Europe, and Eastern Asia. Economic strength is an important factor affecting scientific output. The United States contributed the most publications (213) with the highest h-index value (46) as of September 14, 2021. Diakonhjemmet Hospital and professor Haugeberg G were the most prolific institution and influential authors, respectively. Journal of Rheumatology was the most productive journal concerning ORA research. According to the burst references, “anti-citrullinated protein antibodies” and “preventing joint destruction” have been recognized as the hot research issues in the domain. The keywords co-occurrence analysis identified “teriparatide,” “interleukin-6,” “Wnt,” and “vertebral fractures” as the important future research directions. Conclusion: This was the first bibliometric study comprehensively summarizing the trends and development of ORA research. Our findings could offer practical sources for scholars to understand the key information in this field, and identify the potential research frontiers and hot directions in the near future. Copyright © 2021 Wu, Cheng, Guo, Yang, Tong, Wang and Sun.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; osteoporosis; rheumatoid arthritis; VOSviewer
Mayr P.; Scharnhorst A.	Scientometrics and information retrieval: weak-links revitalized	2015	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-014-1484-3	This special issue brings together eight papers from experts of communities which often have been perceived as different once: bibliometrics, scientometrics and informetrics on the one side and information retrieval on the other. The idea of this special issue started at the workshop “Combining Bibliometrics and Information Retrieval” held at the 14th International Conference of Scientometrics and Informetrics, Vienna, July 14–19, 2013. Our motivation as guest editors started from the observation that main discourses in both fields are different, that communities are only partly overlapping and from the belief that a knowledge transfer would be profitable for both sides. © 2014, Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Information retrieval; Scientometrics; Special issue
Lievrouw L.A.	The Invisible College Reconsidered: Bibliometrics and the Development of Scientific Communication Theory	1989	Communication Research	10.1177/009365089016005004	In this article, the relationship of bibliometric techniques (especially citation analysis) to communication theory and research is examined, using the invisible college as the principal example. The invisible college is used because it is the best-known model of scientific communication, and because it is based in bibliometric studies of science. As such, the invisible college is typical of constructs that describe processes yet are founded on the study of structures; the ambiguity surrounding the use of the term is symptomatic of the confounding of structure and process in the study of scholarly communication. A revised definition of the invisible college is proposed that reemphasizes its fundamentally communicative nature, and issues for future theory building in scientific communication are suggested. © 1989, Sage. All rights reserved.	N/A
Bonilla-Aldana D.K.; Quintero-Rada K.; Montoya-Posada J.P.; Ramírez-Ocampo S.; Paniz-Mondolfi A.; Rabaan A.A.; Sah R.; Rodríguez-Morales A.J.	SARS-CoV, MERS-CoV and now the 2019-novel CoV: Have we investigated enough about coronaviruses? – A bibliometric analysis	2020	Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease	10.1016/j.tmaid.2020.101566	[No abstract available]	N/A
Wang J.; Shapira P.	Funding acknowledgement analysis: An enhanced tool to investigate research sponsorship impacts: The case of nanotechnology	2011	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-011-0362-5	There is increasing interest in assessing how sponsored research funding influences the development and trajectory of science and technology. Traditionally, linkages between research funding and subsequent results are hard to track, often requiring access to separate funding or performance reports released by researchers or sponsors. Tracing research sponsorship and output linkages is even more challenging when researchers receive multiple funding awards and collaborate with a variety of differentially-sponsored research colleagues. This article presents a novel bibliometric approach to undertaking funding acknowledgement analysis which links research outputs with their funding sources. Using this approach in the context of nanotechnology research, the article probes the funding patterns of leading countries and agencies including patterns of cross-border research sponsorship. We identify more than 91,500 nanotechnology articles published worldwide during a 12-month period in 2008-2009. About 67% of these publications include funding acknowledgements information. We compare articles reporting funding with those that do not (for reasons that may include reliance on internal core-funding rather than external awards as well as omissions in reporting). While we find some country and field differences, we judge that the level of reporting of funding sources is sufficiently high to provide a basis for analysis. The funding acknowledgement data is used to compare nanotechnology funding policies and programs in selected countries and to examine their impacts on scientific output. We also examine the internationalization of research funding through the interplay of various funding sources at national and organizational levels. We find that while most nanotechnology funding is nationally-oriented, internationalization and knowledge exchange does occur as researchers collaborate across borders. Our method offers a new approach not only in identifying the funding sources of publications but also in feasibly undertaking large-scale analyses across scientific fields, institutions and countries. © 2011 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Funding acknowledgement analysis; Nanotechnology; Publications; Research funding; Research outputs; Research sponsorship
Loeb S.J.; AbuDagga A.	Health-related research on older inmates: An integrative review	2006	Research in Nursing and Health	10.1002/nur.20177	The literature on older inmates' health is fragmented and insufficiently developed. In this integrative review, 21 research articles on health and older inmates were identified, critiqued, and synthesized to determine: the minimum age criterion most commonly used; health-related variables explored; health status; the health impact of incarceration; and aging-specific policies, programs, and facilities. Age 50 and older was used most often. The top three health variables were psychiatric conditions, physical illnesses, and substance abuse. Self-reports of health status varied across studies; however, inmates consistently reported health declines since incarceration. Older inmates' health needs appear often to be left unmet. Nursing investigations are needed leading to practice innovations to enhance prisoners' self-management to reduce disease burden and fiscal and societal costs. © 2006 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	Elderly; Health; Integrative literature review; Older inmates; Prisoners
Stam J.; Bartel S.; Bischoff R.; Wolters J.C.	Isolation of extracellular vesicles with combined enrichment methods	2021	Journal of Chromatography B: Analytical Technologies in the Biomedical and Life Sciences	10.1016/j.jchromb.2021.122604	Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are currently of tremendous interest in many research disciplines and EVs have potential for development of EV diagnostics or therapeutics. Most well-known single EV isolation methods have their particular advantages and disadvantages in terms of EV purity and EV yield. Combining EV isolation methods provides additional potential to improve the efficacy of both purity and yield. This review assesses the contribution and efficacy of using combined EV isolation methods by performing a two-step systematic literature analysis from all papers applying EV isolation in the year 2019. This resulted in an overview of the various methods being applied for EV isolations. A second database was generated for all studies within the first database that fairly compared multiple EV isolation methods by determining both EV purity and EV yield after isolation. From these databases it is shown that the most used EV isolation methods are not per definition the best methods based on EV purity or EV yield, indicating that more factors play a role in the choice which EV isolation method to choose than only the efficacy of the method. From the included studies it is shown that ~60% of all the included EV isolations were performed with combined EV isolation methods. The majority of EV isolations were performed with differential ultracentrifugation alone or in combination with differential ultrafiltration. When efficacy of EV isolation methods was determined in terms of EV purity and EV yield, combined EV isolation methods clearly outperformed single EV isolation methods, regardless of the type of starting material used. A recommended starting point would be the use of size-exclusion chromatography since this method, especially when combined with low-speed centrifugation, resulted in the highest EV purity, while still providing a reasonable EV yield. © 2021 The Authors	Exosomes; Extracellular vesicles; Isolation; Method comparison; Microvesicles; Systematic literature analysis
Benckendorff P.	Themes and trends in Australian and New Zealand tourism research: A social network analysis of citations in two leading journals (1994-2007)	2009	Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Management	10.1375/jhtm.16.1.1	Assessments and rankings of the contribution and influence of scholars, institutions and journals in tourism are becoming increasingly common. This article extends the existing literature by providing a finer grained understanding of key influences in tourism research. This study presents a bibliometric analysis of the tourism literature by examining papers authored by Australian and New Zealand researchers in Annals of Tourism Research and Tourism Management between 1994 and 2007. A general picture of the field is drawn by examining keywords, the most-cited authors and works, as well as co-citation patterns. The analysis is extended by the use of social network analysis to explore the links between keywords and influential works in the field. The article also addresses the conference theme by identifying emerging themes and influences. Results indicate that tourism research in Australia and New Zealand has been strongly influenced by sociology and anthropology, geography and behavioural psychology. Emerging themes have focused on the health and safety of tourists, risk, wine tourism and segmentation.	Australia; Bibliometrics; New Zealand; Research; Social network analysis; Trends
Mao G.; Hu H.; Liu X.; Crittenden J.; Huang N.	A bibliometric analysis of industrial wastewater treatments from 1998 to 2019	2021	Environmental Pollution	10.1016/j.envpol.2020.115785	For the foreseeable future, industrial water demand will grow much faster than agriculture. The demand together with the urgency of wastewater treatment, will pose big challenges for most developing countries. We applied the bibliometric analysis combined with social network analysis and S-curve technique to quantitatively analyze 9413 publications related to industrial wastewater treatment in the Scientific Citation Index (SCI) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) databases from 1998 to 2019. The results showed that: (1) Publications on industrial wastewater treatment have increased from 120 in 1998 to 895 in 2019 with a steady annual increment rate, and researchers have focused more on the application and optimization of existing technologies. (2) China had the highest number of publications (n = 1651, 19.66% of global output) and was a core country in the international cooperation network, whereas the United States and European countries produced higher quality papers. (3) By analyzing the co-occurrence and clusters of keywords and comparing three wastewater treatment categories (physical, chemical, biological), adsorption (n = 1277), oxidation (n = 1085) and activated sludge process (n = 1288) were the top three techniques. Researchers have shifted their focus to treatment technologies for specific wastewater type, such as textile wastewater, pulp and paper wastewater, and pharmaceutical wastewater. The S-curve from articles indicates that physical and chemical treatment technologies are attached with great potential in the near future, especially adsorption and advanced oxidation, while the biological treatment technologies are approaching to the saturation stage. Different pattern is observed for the S-curve derived from patents, which stressed the limited achievement until now and further exploration in the field application for the three treatment categories. Our analysis provides information of technology development landscape and future opportunities, which is useful for decision makers and researchers who are interested in this area. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd	Adsorption; Bibliometric analysis; Industrial wastewater treatment; Oxidation; S-curve
Wang Q.; Su M.; Zhang M.; Li R.	Integrating digital technologies and public health to fight covid-19 pandemic: Key technologies, applications, challenges and outlook of digital healthcare	2021	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph18116053	Integration of digital technologies and public health (or digital healthcare) helps us to fight the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, which is the biggest public health crisis humanity has faced since the 1918 Influenza Pandemic. In order to better understand the digital healthcare, this work conducted a systematic and comprehensive review of digital healthcare, with the purpose of helping us combat the COVID-19 pandemic. This paper covers the background information and research overview of digital healthcare, summarizes its applications and challenges in the COVID-19 pandemic, and finally puts forward the prospects of digital healthcare. First, main concepts, key development processes, and common application scenarios of integrating digital technologies and digital healthcare were offered in the part of background information. Second, the bibliometric techniques were used to analyze the research output, geographic distribution, discipline distribution, collaboration network, and hot topics of digital healthcare before and after COVID-19 pandemic. We found that the COVID-19 pandemic has greatly accelerated research on the integration of digital technologies and healthcare. Third, application cases of China, EU and U.S using digital technologies to fight the COVID-19 pandemic were collected and analyzed. Among these digital technologies, big data, artificial intelligence, cloud computing, 5G are most effective weapons to combat the COVID-19 pandemic. Applications cases show that these technologies play an irreplaceable role in controlling the spread of the COVID-19. By comparing the application cases in these three regions, we contend that the key to China’s success in avoiding the second wave of COVID-19 pandemic is to integrate digital technologies and public health on a large scale without hesitation. Fourth, the application challenges of digital technologies in the public health field are summarized. These challenges mainly come from four aspects: data delays, data fragmentation, privacy security, and data security vulnerabilities. Finally, this study provides the future application prospects of digital healthcare. In addition, we also provide policy recommendations for other countries that use digital technology to combat COVID-19. © 2021 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	Challenges; China; COVID-19 applications; Digital technologies; Public health
Morris S.; DeYong C.; Wu Z.; Salman S.; Yemenu D.	DIVA: A visualization system for exploring document databases for technology forecasting	2002	Computers and Industrial Engineering	10.1016/S0360-8352(02)00143-2	Database Information Visualization and Analysis system (DIVA) is a computer program that helps perform bibliometric analysis of collections of scientific literature and patents for technology forecasting. Documents, drawn from the technological field of interest, are visualized as clusters on a two dimensional map, permitting exploration of the relationships among the documents and document clusters and also permitting derivation of summary data about each document cluster. Such information, when provided to subject matter experts performing a technology forecast, can yield insight into trends in the technological field of interest. This paper discusses the document visualization and analysis process: acquisition of documents, mapping documents, clustering, exploration of relationships, and generation of summary and trend information. Detailed discussion of DIVA exploration functions is presented and followed by an example of visualization and analysis of a set of documents about chemical sensors. © 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Data mining; Document mapping; Information visualization; KDD; Knowledge discovery in databases; Scientometrics; Technology forecasting
Edwards A.M.; Bountra C.; Kerr D.J.; Willson T.M.	Open access chemical and clinical probes to support drug discovery	2009	Nature Chemical Biology	10.1038/nchembio0709-436	Drug discovery resources in academia and industry are not used efficiently, to the detriment of industry and society. Duplication could be reduced, and productivity could be increased, by performing basic biology and clinical proofs of concept within open access industry-academia partnerships. Chemical biologists could play a central role in this effort. © 2009 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved.	N/A
Myszka D.G.	Survey of the 1998 optical biosensor literature	1999	Journal of Molecular Recognition	10.1002/(SICI)1099-1352(199911/12)12:6<390::AID-JMR482>3.0.CO;2-8	The utilization of optical biosensors to study molecular interactions continues to expand. In 1998, 384 articles relating to the use of commercial biosensors were published in 130 different journals. While significant strides in new applications and methodology were made, a majority of the biosensor literature is of rather poor quality. Basic information about experimental conditions is often not presented and many publications fail to display the experimental data, bringing into question the credibility of the results. This review provides suggestions on how to collect, analyze and report biosensor data.	BIACORE; Evanescence wave; IAsys; Kinetics; Protein-protein; Surface plasmon resonance
Washer P.	Representations of mad cow disease	2006	Social Science and Medicine	10.1016/j.socscimed.2005.06.001	This paper examines the reporting of the story of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE) and its human derivative variant Creutzfeld-Jacob Disease (vCJD) in the British newspapers. Three 'snapshots' of newspaper coverage are sampled and analysed between the period 1986 and 1996 focusing on how representations of the disease evolved over the 10-year period. Social representations theory is used to elucidate how this new disease threat was conceptualised in the newspaper reporting and how it was explained to the UK public. This paper examines who or what was said to be at risk from the new disease, and whether some individuals or groups held to blame for the diseases' putative origins, the appearance of vCJD in human beings, and its spread. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	Infectious disease; Mad cow disease; Newspapers; Social representations
Kamdem J.P.; Duarte A.E.; Lima K.R.R.; Rocha J.B.T.; Hassan W.; Barros L.M.; Roeder T.; Tsopmo A.	Research trends in food chemistry: A bibliometric review of its 40 years anniversary (1976–2016)	2019	Food Chemistry	10.1016/j.foodchem.2019.05.021	This study presents a general bibliometric overview of the major scientific developments that have been published in Food Chemistry, since its first issue (1976). The bibliometric data were retrieved from the scopus database. The review identifies the most cited, productive authors, and the leading institutions and countries of the journal, based on bibliometric indicators. The research hot spots in the period from 1976 to 2016 were identified by using the visualization of similarities software (Vosviewer), and the graphical mapping of the authors was developed to visualize networks between authors. A total of 20,050 publications was analysed and the most influential subjects covered by the journal were identified. Topics related to the antioxidant components of foods and the analytical quantification of contaminants or components of food were identified as being most relevant. The bibliometric analyses indicate a significant evolution of the journal in terms of publications, scientometric performance and themes covered. © 2019 Elsevier Ltd	Citations count; Collaboration network; Food chemistry; h-Index; Scopus; VOSviewer
Liu X.; Zhao S.; Tan L.; Tan Y.; Wang Y.; Ye Z.; Hou C.; Xu Y.; Liu S.; Wang G.	Frontier and hot topics in electrochemiluminescence sensing technology based on CiteSpace bibliometric analysis	2022	Biosensors and Bioelectronics	10.1016/j.bios.2021.113932	Electrochemiluminescence (ECL) is a process in which luminescence is produced by oxidizing or reducing luminophores to transfer radiant charges between electrochemically generated free radicals. Although about 7000 electrochemiluminescence articles have been published in the past 20 years (2000–2021), only a few review articles have summarized the development and application of ECL. In order to better understand the development status, research hotspots and future development trends of ECL technology, it is very necessary to conduct a comprehensive retrospective analysis. This review is based on the bibliometric analysis method of CiteSpace software to quantitatively analyze, visually review and comment on the articles published in the field of ECL in the past 20 years. Quantitatively analyze the authors, the institutional and other basic information to understand the basic development status of ECL, and then visually analyze the high-frequency keywords, burst keywords, keyword clusters, etc., to understand each the evolution of the main research hotspots and development directions of the period, and finally a detailed review and analysis of the selected highly cited articles. We particularly emphasized the development needs of electrochemiluminescence technology in improving the performance of ECL sensors, developing materials with excellent ECL performance, innovating and cooperating with other devices, and developing high-speed and high-throughput ECL sensors. We hope to provide new ideas for promoting the industrial development and clinical application of electrochemiluminescence technology. © 2021	Bibliometrics; Citespace; Electrochemiluminescence; Hot spot; Research progress
Behl A.; Jayawardena N.; Pereira V.; Islam N.; Giudice M.D.; Choudrie J.	Gamification and e-learning for young learners: A systematic literature review, bibliometric analysis, and future research agenda	2022	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2021.121445	Over the last few years, gamification has sparked significant interest in both industry and academia. However, the focus of the debate has been mostly on game studies and human-computer interaction (HCI). Even though games are increasingly being supplied as services to customers, few academic works have linked game studies to the service or marketing literature (Dikcius and Urbonavicius, 2020; Dukembay and Zhaksylyk, 2019). This paper presents an examination of the emerging trends of gamification and e-learning for young learners. The first section presents a text-based cluster bibliometric analysis based on 222 qualified articles published between 2015 and 2020. We conducted this analysis to identify the most prominent themes in the literature through cluster identification via the VOS viewer software. As the themes were found to be interlinked, the second section presents a systematic literature review based on a bibliometric analysis performed using the PRISMA method on 32 qualified articles. The findings highlighted the four major future research themes of personalization, game elements, learner styles, and learner engagement. Finally, we provide a future research agenda based on the theory, characteristics, context, and methodology (TCCM) framework. Our findings offer key insights aimed at enabling actors in education policy making and gamification-based software companies and agencies to identify the gamification techniques best suited for e-learning. © 2021	Bibliometric analysis; E-learning; Future research agenda; Gamification; Systematic review; Young learners
Donthu N.; Kumar S.; Pandey N.; Lim W.M.	Research Constituents, Intellectual Structure, and Collaboration Patterns in Journal of International Marketing: An Analytical Retrospective	2021	Journal of International Marketing	10.1177/1069031X211004234	This study presents a retrospective on Journal of International Marketing using bibliometrics. The study finds that the journal’s run has been characterized by continuous growth in publications and citations, with a dominant contribution base of authors from the United States. Authors have consistently shown a strong preference for quantitative research, with a decline in preference for qualitative research and a negligible increase in preference for mixed-methods research in recent years. The major themes in the journal include global branding, internationalization, cross-cultural marketing, and international relationship marketing. An exploration of the factors affecting article citations reveals that article attributes such as the conceptual method, empirical method, article length, title length, article age, and number of keywords play significant roles in increasing the number of citations. Authors affiliated with nonacademic institutions also have a significant and positive influence on total citations. The article concludes with directions for further research. © American Marketing Association 2021.	bibliometrics; citations; Journal of International Marketing; negative binomial regression
Thelwall M.; Wilson P.	Mendeley readership altmetrics for medical articles: An analysis of 45 fields	2016	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23501	Medical research is highly funded and often expensive and so is particularly important to evaluate effectively. Nevertheless, citation counts may accrue too slowly for use in some formal and informal evaluations. It is therefore important to investigate whether alternative metrics could be used as substitutes. This article assesses whether one such altmetric, Mendeley readership counts, correlates strongly with citation counts across all medical fields, whether the relationship is stronger if student readers are excluded, and whether they are distributed similarly to citation counts. Based on a sample of 332,975 articles from 2009 in 45 medical fields in Scopus, citation counts correlated strongly (about 0.7; 78% of articles had at least one reader) with Mendeley readership counts (from the new version 1 applications programming interface [API]) in almost all fields, with one minor exception, and the correlations tended to decrease slightly when student readers were excluded. Readership followed either a lognormal or a hooked power law distribution, whereas citations always followed a hooked power law, showing that the two may have underlying differences. © 2015 ASIS&T	bibliometrics
Martínez-Mekler G.; Martínez R.A.; del Río M.-B.; Mansilla R.; Miramontes P.; Cocho G.	Universality of rank-ordering distributions in the arts and sciences	2009	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0004791	Searching for generic behaviors has been one of the driving forces leading to a deep understanding and classification of diverse phenomena. Usually a starting point is the development of a phenomenology based on observations. Such is the case for power law distributions encountered in a wealth of situations coming from physics, geophysics, biology, lexicography as well as social and financial networks. This finding is however restricted to a range of values outside of which finite size corrections are often invoked. Here we uncover a universal behavior of the way in which elements of a system are distributed according to their rank with respect to a given property, valid for the full range of values, regardless of whether or not a power law has previously been suggested. We propose a two parameter functional form for these rank-ordered distributions that gives excellent fits to an impressive amount of very diverse phenomena, coming from the arts, social and natural sciences. It is a discrete version of a generalized beta distribution, given by f(r) = A(N+1-r)b/ra, where r is the rank, N its maximum value, A the normalization constant and (a, b) two fitting exponents. Prompted by our genetic sequence observations we present a growth probabilistic model incorporating mutation-duplication features that generates data complying with this distribution. The competition between permanence and change appears to be a relevant, though not necessary feature. Additionally, our observations mainly of social phenomena suggest that a multifactorial quality resulting from the convergence of several heterogeneous underlying processes is an important feature. We also explore the significance of the distribution parameters and their classifying potential. The ubiquity of our findings suggests that there must be a fundamental underlying explanation, most probably of a statistical nature, such as an appropriate central limit theorem formulation. © 2009 Martinez-Mekler et al.	N/A
Zyoud S.H.; Al-Jabi S.W.	Mapping the situation of research on coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19): A preliminary bibliometric analysis during the early stage of the outbreak	2020	BMC Infectious Diseases	10.1186/s12879-020-05293-z	"Background: The novel coronavirus, named as 2019-nCoV or coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), has recently appeared in China and has spread worldwide, presenting a health threat to the global community. Therefore, it is important to understand the global scientific output of COVID-19 research during the early stage of the outbreak. Thus, to track the current hotspots, and highlight future directions, we performed a bibliometric analysis to obtain an approximate scenario of COVID-19 to date. Methods: Relevant studies to COVID-19 were obtained from the Scopus database during the early stage of the outbreak. We then analysed the data by using well-established bibliometric indices: document type, country, collaboration patterns, affiliation, journal name, and citation patterns. VOSviewer was applied to map and determine hot topics in this field. Results: The bibliometric analysis indicated that there were 19,044 publications on Scopus published on COVID-19 during the early stage of the outbreak (December 2019 up until June 19, 2020). Of all these publications, 9140 (48.0%) were articles; 4192 (22.0%) were letters; 1797 (9.4%) were reviews; 1754 (9.2%) were editorials; 1728 (9.1%) were notes; and 433 (2.3%) were others. The USA published the largest number of publications on COVID-19 (4479; 23.4%), followed by China (3310; 17.4%), Italy, (2314; 12.2%), and the UK (1981; 10.4%). British Medical Journal was the most productive. The Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Tongji Medical, and Harvard Medical School were the institutions that published the largest number of COVID-19 research. The most prevalent topics of research in COVID-19 include ""clinical features studies"", ""pathological findings and therapeutic design"", ""care facilities preparation and infection control"", and ""maternal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes"". Conclusions: This bibliometric study may reflect rapidly emerging topics on COVID-19 research, where substantial research activity has already begun extensively during the early stage of the outbreak. The findings reported here shed new light on the major progress in the near future for hot topics on COVID-19 research including clinical features studies, pathological findings and therapeutic design, care facilities preparation and infection control, and maternal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes. © 2020 The Author(s)."	2019-nCoV; Bibliometric; COVID-19; Novel coronavirus; Scopus
Wicherts J.M.	Peer review quality and transparency of the peer-review process in open access and subscription journals	2016	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0147913	Background Recent controversies highlighting substandard peer review in Open Access (OA) and traditional (subscription) journals have increased the need for authors, funders, publishers, and institutions to assure quality of peer-review in academic journals. I propose that transparency of the peer-review process may be seen as an indicator of the quality of peer-review, and develop and validate a tool enabling different stakeholders to assess transparency of the peer-review process. Methods and Findings Based on editorial guidelines and best practices, I developed a 14-item tool to rate transparency of the peer-review process on the basis of journals' websites. In Study 1, a random sample of 231 authors of papers in 92 subscription journals in different fields rated transparency of the journals that published their work. Authors' ratings of the transparency were positively associated with quality of the peer-review process but unrelated to journal's impact factors. In Study 2, 20 experts on OA publishing assessed the transparency of established (non-OA) journals, OA journals categorized as being published by potential predatory publishers, and journals from the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ). Results show high reliability across items (a = .91) and sufficient reliability across raters. Ratings differentiated the three types of journals well. In Study 3, academic librarians rated a random sample of 140 DOAJ journals and another 54 journals that had received a hoax paper written by Bohannon to test peer-review quality. Journals with higher transparency ratings were less likely to accept the flawed paper and showed higher impact as measured by the h5 index from Google Scholar. Conclusions The tool to assess transparency of the peer-review process at academic journals shows promising reliability and validity. The transparency of the peer-review process can be seen as an indicator of peer-review quality allowing the tool to be used to predict academic quality in new journals. © 2016 Jelte M. Wicherts. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Yu C.; Davis C.; Dijkema G.P.J.	Understanding the evolution of industrial symbiosis research: A bibliometric and network analysis (1997-2012)	2014	Journal of Industrial Ecology	10.1111/jiec.12073	This study analyzes the evolution of the research field of industrial symbiosis (IS). We elucidate its embedding in industrial ecology (IE), trace the development of research themes, and reveal the evolution of the research network through analysis of the core literature and journals that appeared from 1997 to 2012 by citation analysis, cocitation analysis, and network analysis. In the first period (1997-2005), IS research held a minority share in the IE literature. The research revolved around the concept of IS, the assessment of eco-industrial park projects, and the establishment of waste treatment and recycling networks. In the second period (2006-2012), diverse research approaches and theories enriched the field, which has led to a maturation in theory building. Our findings clearly illustrate that IS evolved from practice-oriented research toward coherent theory building through a systematic underpinning and linking of diverse topics. As scientific attention shifted from exploring a phenomenon to elucidating underlying mechanisms, IS knowledge found worldwide practical implementation. The coauthorship network shows that the academic communities of IS are distributed worldwide and that international collaboration is widespread. Through bibliometric and network analysis of IS, we have created a systemic, quantitative image of the evolution of the IS research field and community, which gives IS researchers an underpinned overview of the IS research and may help them to identify new directions and synergy in worldwide research. © 2013 by Yale University.	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Eco-industrial park (EIP); Industrial ecology; Industrial symbiosis (IS); Network analysis
Abrizah A.; Zainab A.N.; Kiran K.; Raj R.G.	LIS journals scientific impact and subject categorization: A comparison between Web of Science and Scopus	2013	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-012-0813-7	The study compares the coverage, ranking, impact and subject categorization of Library and Information Science journals, specifically, 79 titles based on data from Web of Science (WoS) and 128 titles from Scopus. Comparisons were made based on prestige factor scores reported in 2010 Journal Citation Reports and SCImago Journal Rank 2010 and noting the change in ranking when the differences are calculated. The rank normalized impact factor and the Library of Congress Classification System were used to compare impact rankings and subject categorization. There was high degree of similarity in rank normalized impact factor of titles in both WoS and Scopus databases. The searches found 162 journals, with 45 journals appearing in both databases. The rankings obtained for normalized impact scores confirm higher impact scores for titles covered in Scopus because of its larger coverage of titles. There was mismatch of subject categorization among 34 journal titles in both databases and 22 of the titles were not classified under Z subject headings in the Library of Congress catalogue. The results revealed the changes in journal title rankings when normalized, and the categorization of some journal titles in these databases might be incorrect. © 2012 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Journal impact; Journal ranking; Journal studies; Library and Information Science; Rank normalized impact factor
Kumar S.; Sahoo S.; Lim W.M.; Dana L.-P.	Religion as a social shaping force in entrepreneurship and business: Insights from a technology-empowered systematic literature review	2022	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2021.121393	Religion is widely regarded as a social force that shapes entrepreneurship and business (EB) activity, behavior, and practice. However, a holistic review of religion and EB literature remains elusive, which could impede the field's advancement when competing arguments are introduced and pure replications are pursued. Therefore, this study conducts a technology-empowered systematic literature review using a combination of fit-for-purpose bibliometric software to examine the state of the literature on religion and EB research. The review reveals that existing research in the field have mainly focused on how religions such as Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, and Islam influence consumerism, corporate social responsibility, sustainability, leadership orientation, organizational culture, financial and social ethics, and socioeconomic development, and that future research can enrich the field by investigating religion in tandem with business education, marketing, economics and public policy, and cognitive characteristics and behavioral inclinations, as well as the reversed influence of EB on religious orientation. © 2021 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric analysis; Business; Co-occurrence analysis; Entrepreneurship; PageRank analysis; Performance analysis; Religion; Science mapping; SPAR-4-SLR; Systematic literature review
Abramo G.; D'Angelo A.C.; Murgia G.	The relationship among research productivity, research collaboration, and their determinants	2017	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2017.09.007	This work provides an in-depth analysis of the relation between the different types of collaboration and research productivity, showing how both are influenced by some personal and organizational variables. By applying different cross-lagged panel models, we are able to analyze the relationship among research productivity, collaboration and their determinants. In particular, we show that only collaboration at intramural and domestic level has a positive effect on research productivity. Differently, all the forms of collaboration are positively affected by research productivity. The results can favor the reexamination of the theories related to these issues, and inform policies that would be more suited to their management. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Cross lagged panel model; Direct and indirect effects; Research productivity; University
Li C.; Wu K.; Wu J.	A bibliometric analysis of research on haze during 2000–2016	2017	Environmental Science and Pollution Research	10.1007/s11356-017-0440-1	As one of the bibliometric analysis tools, CiteSpace software was applied to quantitatively and visually evaluate global scientific documents of research on haze from 2000 to 2016. Five thousand six hundred six documents from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded) and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) of the Web of Science database were statistically analyzed and examined. The distributions on authorship, countries/territories, institutes, and keywords were generated. The amount of publications has increased nearly for the past 17 years. The most productive author was Li J. with 46 articles. The publications on haze research were primarily originated from the USA, China, Germany, and France. By synthetically analyzing the keywords, the dominant hot spots of haze research could be concluded as “aerosol,” “atmosphere,” “particle,” “PM2.5,”and “air quality.”. © 2017, Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany.	Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Haze; Web of Science
Maflahi N.; Thelwall M.	When are readership counts as useful as citation counts? Scopus versus Mendeley for LIS journals	2016	Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology	10.1002/asi.23369	In theory, articles can attract readers on the social reference sharing site Mendeley before they can attract citations, so Mendeley altmetrics could provide early indications of article impact. This article investigates the influence of time on the number of Mendeley readers of an article through a theoretical discussion and an investigation into the relationship between counts of readers of, and citations to, 4 general library and information science (LIS) journals. For this discipline, it takes about 7 years for articles to attract as many Scopus citations as Mendeley readers, and after this the Spearman correlation between readers and citers is stable at about 0.6 for all years. This suggests that Mendeley readership counts may be useful impact indicators for both newer and older articles. The lack of dates for individual Mendeley article readers and an unknown bias toward more recent articles mean that readership data should be normalized individually by year, however, before making any comparisons between articles published in different years. © 2015 ASIS&T	bibliometrics
Campbell P.	Escape from the impact factor	2008	Ethics in Science and Environmental Politics	10.3354/esep00078	As Editor-in-Chief of the journal Nature, I am concerned by the tendency within academic administrations to focus on a journal's impact factor when judging the worth of scientific contributions by researchers, affecting promotions, recruitment and, in some countries, financial bonuses for each paper. Our own internal research demonstrates how a high journal impact factor can be the skewed result of many citations of a few papers rather than the average level of the majority, reducing its value as an objective measure of an individual paper. Proposed alternative indices have their own drawbacks. Many researchers say that their important work has been published in low-impact journals. Focusing on the citations of individual papers is a more reliable indicator of an individual's impact. A positive development is the increasing ability to track the contributions of individuals by means of author-contribution statements and perhaps, in the future, citability of components of papers rather than the whole. There are attempts to escape the hierarchy of high-impact-factor journals by means of undifferentiated databases of peer-reviewed papers such as PLoS One. It remains to be seen whether that model will help outstanding work to rise to due recognition regardless of editorial selectivity. Although the current system may be effective at measuring merit on national and institutional scales, the most effective and fair analysis of a person's contribution derives from a direct assessment of individual papers, regardless of where they were published. © Inter-Research 2008.	Academic merit; Bibliometrics; Impact factor
Hammarfelt B.; De Rijcke S.	Accountability in context: Effects of research evaluation systems on publication practices, disciplinary norms, and individual working routines in the faculty of Arts at Uppsala University	2015	Research Evaluation	10.1093/reseval/rvu029	Given the increased role of bibliometric measures in research evaluation, it is striking that studies of actual changes in research practice are rare. Most studies and comments on 'a metric culture' in academia focus on the ideological and political level, and there is a clear shortage of empirical studies that analyze how researchers handle demands for accountability in context. In adopting a mixed-methods approach involving both bibliometric data and answers form questionnaires, we provide an in-depth study of how researchers at the faculty of Arts at Uppsala University (Sweden) respond to the implementation of performance-based research evaluation systems. Publication patterns from 2006 to 2013 show that journal publications, especially English-language ones, are increasing, and the proportion of peer-reviewed publications has doubled. These changes are in line with the incentives of the evaluation systems under study. Answers to the survey confirm that scholars are conscious about this development, and several respondents articulate a disagreement between disciplinary norms and external demands. However, disciplinary background as well as career stage or academic age appears to have a significant influence on how individual researchers react to the instigation of evaluation systems. Finally, responses to national and local evaluation regimes are complex, localized, and dependent on many factors. In-depth contextualized studies of research practices are needed in order to understand how performance-based funding systems influence academic research on the ground. © 2014 © The Author 2014. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved. For Permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.	bibliometrics; humanities; mixed methods; publication patterns; research evaluation; research practices; Sweden
Guerra A.; Reis L.K.; Borges F.L.G.; Ojeda P.T.A.; Pineda D.A.M.; Miranda C.O.; Maidana D.P.F.D.L.; Santos T.M.R.D.; Shibuya P.S.; Marques M.C.M.; Laurance S.G.W.; Garcia L.C.	Ecological restoration in Brazilian biomes: Identifying advances and gaps	2020	Forest Ecology and Management	10.1016/j.foreco.2019.117802	The Bonn challenge aims at the restoration of 350 million hectares of degraded ladscapes by 2030. In Brazil, the restoration goal for 2030 is 12 million hectares. Despite the great demand for ecological restoration across the whole of Brazil, there have been no analyses of the studies carried out in different biomes. In addition, conservation efforts must cover all biomes, so that different regions can take advantage of the many benefits of restoration. Our aim was to identify advances and gaps in current restoration knowledge in order to guide future efforts in Brazil. Our bibliometric survey in the Web of Science using 23 keywords related to restoration generated a total of 530 papers, of which 291 were included in the analysis. The papers were published in 121 scientific journals between 1988 and 2018, with the largest number of papers in 2016. The Atlantic Forest was the biome with the highest number of studies, as it is one of the most threatened tropical forest regions in the world and maintains the largest number of research institutions and receives the highest level of funding support in the country. Regarding the types of studies, temporal monitoring was more frequent in the Amazon, Cerrado, Caatinga, and Pampa, while the monitoring at one point in time was more frequent in the Atlantic Forest. From the studies examined, 31% used a reference area for comparing restoration success. The most studied organisms were plants (81%), and among them, trees were the most frequent, followed by fungi, birds, invertebrates, mammals, and reptiles. The pre-restoration degradation differed among biomes, with deforestation for logging the most cited in the Amazon, agriculture, and livestock in the Atlantic Forest and Cerrado, logging and cattle ranching in Caatinga, and livestock in the Pampa and Pantanal. In general, active/assisted natural succession was the most frequent restoration process: planting seedlings more readily occurred in the Amazon, Atlantic Forest, and Caatinga, whereas natural regeneration in the Cerrado and Pantanal and sowing in Pampa. The studies varied among the age of restoration (>1 to 67 years for active restoration and >1 to 120 years for passive/unassisted natural succession), and the number of species planted (1 to 121 species). We identified an important regional knowledge gap for the Pantanal, Caatinga, and Pampa, as well as the need to include reference areas, evaluate different restoration techniques (besides planting seedlings), and the inclusion of other taxa and life forms in biodiversity studies apart from trees. We also identified the need to expand research to assess landscape metrics, prioritization, legislation, and public policies. © 2019 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Fauna restoration; Restoration ecology; Restoration history; Scientific publications
Gandia R.M.; Antonialli F.; Cavazza B.H.; Neto A.M.; Lima D.A.D.; Sugano J.Y.; Nicolai I.; Zambalde A.L.	Autonomous vehicles: scientometric and bibliometric review* 	2019	Transport Reviews	10.1080/01441647.2018.1518937	This paper presents a scientometric and bibliometric review of the research on autonomous vehicles (AVs) to identify its main characteristics, evolution, and potential trends for future studies. Relevant articles were searched on WoS, yielding a research corpus of 10,580 papers, and the software CiteSpace was subsequently used for analysis. The results showed that AV research is heterogeneous and registered a growing demand over time. Multidisciplinarity is present, with 96 science fields being identified. As in any other sector, it is necessary to understand broader aspects of this industry such as the market factors surrounding it, as well as other economic and managerial issues. In this sense, we observed a migration of the research field from multidisciplinarity to pluridisciplinarity with a greater number of studies focusing on the latter. We understand that terminology standardisation contributes to achieving pluridisciplinarity. As such, it is important to highlight that sustainability, public policies, liability, and safety, as well as business issues such as performance and business models are some of the tendencies in the field of AVs. For future studies, we suggest a more in-depth analysis of publications in terms of individual search terms, as well as the sub-areas identified as trends in this paper. © 2018, © 2018 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; review; scientometrics; utonomous vehicles
Paradis E.; Whitehead C.R.	Louder than words: Power and conflict in interprofessional education articles, 1954-2013	2015	Medical Education	10.1111/medu.12668	Context: Interprofessional education (IPE) aspires to enable collaborative practice. Current IPE offerings, although rapidly proliferating, lack evidence of efficacy and theoretical grounding. Objectives: Our research aimed to explore the historical emergence of the field of IPE and to analyse the positioning of this academic field of inquiry. In particular, we sought to investigate the extent to which power and conflict - elements central to interprofessional care - figure in the IPE literature. Methods: We used a combination of deductive and inductive automated coding and manual coding to explore the contents of 2191 articles in the IPE literature published between 1954 and 2013. Inductive coding focused on the presence and use of the sociological (rather than statistical) version of power, which refers to hierarchies and asymmetries among the professions. Articles found to be centrally about power were then analysed using content analysis. Results: Publications on IPE have grown exponentially in the past decade. Deductive coding of identified articles showed an emphasis on students, learning, programmes and practice. Automated inductive coding of titles and abstracts identified 129 articles potentially about power, but manual coding found that only six articles put power and conflict at the centre. Content analysis of these six articles revealed that two provided tentative explorations of power dynamics, one skirted around this issue, and three explicitly theorised and integrated power and conflict. Conclusions: The lack of attention to power and conflict in the IPE literature suggests that many educators do not foreground these issues. Education programmes are expected to transform individuals into effective collaborators, without heed to structural, organisational and institutional factors. In so doing, current constructions of IPE veil the problems that IPE attempts to solve. © 2015 The Authors.	N/A
Zhang L.; Zhao W.; Sun B.; Huang Y.; Glänzel W.	How scientific research reacts to international public health emergencies: a global analysis of response patterns	2020	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-020-03531-4	As of the middle of April 2020, the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic has claimed more than 137,000 lives (https://coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html). Because of its extremely fast spreading, the attention of the global scientific community is now focusing on slowing down, containing and finally stopping the spread of this disease. This requires the concerted action of researchers and practitioners of many related fields, raising, as always in such situations the question, of what kind of research has to be conducted, what are the priorities, how has research to be coordinated and who needs to be involved. In other words, what are the characteristics of the response of the global research community on the challenge? In the present paper, we attempt to characterise, quantify and measure the response of academia to international public health emergencies in a comparative bibliometric study of multiple outbreaks. In addition, we provide a preliminary review of the global research effort regarding the defeat of the COVID-19 pandemic. From our analysis of six infectious disease outbreaks since 2000, including COVID-19, we find that academia always responded quickly to public health emergencies with a sharp increase in the number of publications immediately following the declaration of an outbreak by the WHO. In general, countries/regions place emphasis on epidemics in their own region, but Europe and North America are also concerned with outbreaks in other, developed and less developed areas through conducting intensive collaborative research with the core countries/regions of the outbreak, such as in the case of Ebola in Africa. Researches in the fields of virology, infectious diseases and immunology are the most active, and we identified two characteristic patterns in global science distinguishing research in Europe and America that is more focused on public health from that conducted in China and Japan with more emphasis on biomedical research and clinical pharmacy, respectively. Universities contribute slightly less than half to the global research output, and the vast majority of research funding originates from the public sector. Our findings on how academia responds to emergencies could be beneficial to decision-makers in research and health policy in creating and adjusting anti-epidemic/-pandemic strategies. © 2020, The Author(s).	Bibliometrics; COVID-19; PHEIC; Response pattern; Scientometrics
Shuaib W.; Khan M.S.; Shahid H.; Valdes E.A.; Alweis R.	Bibliometric Analysis of the Top 100 Cited Cardiovascular Articles	2015	American Journal of Cardiology	10.1016/j.amjcard.2015.01.029	The number of citations an article receives is an important indication of its impact and contribution to the clinical world. There is a paucity of literature concerning top article citations in cardiology. The main objective of this investigation was to bridge this gap and to provide readers a practical guide in evaluating the cardiovascular literature. Scopus Library database was searched to determine the citations of all published cardiovascular articles. One hundred two journals were included in our investigation under the Institute of Science Information Web of Science subject category “cardiology, cardiovascular, and heart.” We did not apply any time or study-type restriction in our search. The top 100 cited articles were selected and analyzed by 2 independent investigators. The journal with the highest number of top 100 cited articles was Circulation with 36, followed by 28 in the European Heart Journal. A statistically significant association was found between the journal impact factor and the number of top 100 cited articles (p <0.005). United States had the highest number of articles (49). Contrary to bibliometric analyses published in other medical fields, the largest subset of the cardiology articles (n = 42) was published in the 5-year period from 2006 to 2010. General medical journals such as The Lancet (n = 4) and The New England Journal of Medicine (n = 1) contributed only 5 articles to the list despite their extremely high impact factors. In conclusion, our analysis provides an insight on the citation frequency of top cited articles published in cardiovascular medicine to help recognize the quality of the works, discoveries, and the trends steering cardiology. © 2015 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Chan H.-P.; Samala R.K.; Hadjiiski L.M.	CAD and AI for breast cancer - Recent development and challenges	2020	British Journal of Radiology	10.1259/bjr.20190580	Computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) has been a popular area of research and development in the past few decades. In CAD, machine learning methods and multidisciplinary knowledge and techniques are used to analyze the patient information and the results can be used to assist clinicians in their decision making process. CAD may analyze imaging information alone or in combination with other clinical data. It may provide the analyzed information directly to the clinician or correlate the analyzed results with the likelihood of certain diseases based on statistical modeling of the past cases in the population. CAD systems can be developed to provide decision support for many applications in the patient care processes, such as lesion detection, characterization, cancer staging, treatment planning and response assessment, recurrence and prognosis prediction. The new state-of-the-art machine learning technique, known as deep learning (DL), has revolutionized speech and text recognition as well as computer vision. The potential of major breakthrough by DL in medical image analysis and other CAD applications for patient care has brought about unprecedented excitement of applying CAD, or artificial intelligence (AI), to medicine in general and to radiology in particular. In this paper, we will provide an overview of the recent developments of CAD using DL in breast imaging and discuss some challenges and practical issues that may impact the advancement of artificial intelligence and its integration into clinical workflow.  © 2020 The Authors.	N/A
Brooke Z.M.; Bielby J.; Nambiar K.; Carbone C.	Correlates of research effort in carnivores: Body size, range size and diet matter	2014	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0093195	Given the budgetary restrictions on scientific research and the increasing need to better inform conservation actions, it is important to identify the patterns and causes of biases in research effort. We combine bibliometric information from a literature review of almost 16,500 peer-reviewed publications on a well-known group of 286 species, the Order Carnivora, with global datasets on species' life history and ecological traits to explore patterns in research effort. Our study explores how species' characteristics influenced the degree to which they were studied (measured as the number of publications). We identified a wide variation in intensity of research effort at both Family and Species levels, with some of the least studied being those which may need protection in future. Our findings hint at the complex role of human perspectives in setting research agendas. We found that better-studied species tended to be large-bodied and have a large geographic range whilst omnivory had a negative relationship with research effort. IUCN threat status did not exhibit a strong relationship with research effort which suggests that the conservation needs of individual species are not major drivers of research interest. This work is the first to use a combination of bibliometric analysis and biological data to quantify and interpret gaps in research knowledge across an entire Order. Our results could be combined with other resources, such as Biodiversity Action Plans, to prioritise and co-ordinate future research effort, whilst our methods can be applied across many scientific disciplines to describe knowledge gaps. © 2014 Brooke et al.	N/A
Mariani M.M.; Machado I.; Magrelli V.; Dwivedi Y.K.	Artificial intelligence in innovation research: A systematic review, conceptual framework, and future research directions	2023	Technovation	10.1016/j.technovation.2022.102623	Artificial Intelligence (AI) is increasingly adopted by organizations to innovate, and this is ever more reflected in scholarly work. To illustrate, assess and map research at the intersection of AI and innovation, we performed a Systematic Literature Review (SLR) of published work indexed in the Clarivate Web of Science (WOS) and Elsevier Scopus databases (the final sample includes 1448 articles). A bibliometric analysis was deployed to map the focal field in terms of dominant topics and their evolution over time. By deploying keyword co-occurrences, and bibliographic coupling techniques, we generate insights on the literature at the intersection of AI and innovation research. We leverage the SLR findings to provide an updated synopsis of extant scientific work on the focal research area and to develop an interpretive framework which sheds light on the drivers and outcomes of AI adoption for innovation. We identify economic, technological, and social factors of AI adoption in firms willing to innovate. We also uncover firms' economic, competitive and organizational, and innovation factors as key outcomes of AI deployment. We conclude this paper by developing an agenda for future research. © 2022 The Authors	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Innovation; Systematic literature review
Luo J.; Chia K.S.; Chia S.E.; Reilly M.; Tan C.S.; Ye W.	Secular trends of nasopharyngeal carcinoma incidence in Singapore, Hong Kong and Los Angeles Chinese populations, 1973-1997	2007	European Journal of Epidemiology	10.1007/s10654-007-9148-8	Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a rare cancer in most parts of world, but rather common in Southern China and Southeast Asia. This study used IARC published datasets to explore the secular trends of incidence rates of NPC among different Chinese populations in Singapore, Hong Kong and Los Angeles, over the time period 1973-1997. We observed great disparity in the risks and time trends of NPC in those selected Chinese populations. The highest risk was in Hong Kong where the incidence rates have declined rapidly throughout the whole study period in both males and females. For Singapore Chinese, the incidence rates also dropped recently in both genders, but the low incidence rates in Los Angeles Chinese have remained essentially unchanged over time. We further assessed the contribution of period and cohort effects to the observed trends in Hong Kong and Singapore populations through age-period-cohort modeling and found that an age-cohort model provided the best fit to the data in both populations, although for Singapore females a simple age-drift model fit the data well. There was a statistically significant decrease in the drop in incidence of NPC for cohorts born around 1940 in Hong Kong and 1958 in Singapore. This indicates that environmental and lifestyle changes play an important role in the declining incidence of NPC over time. © 2007 Springer Science+Business Media B.V.	Age-period-cohort model; Nasopharyngeal carcinoma; Secular trends
Sandström U.; Van Besselaar P.D.	Quantity and/or quality? The importance of publishing many papers	2016	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0166149	Do highly productive researchers have significantly higher probability to produce top cited papers? Or do high productive researchers mainly produce a sea of irrelevant papers-in other words do we find a diminishing marginal result from productivity? The answer on these questions is important, as it may help to answer the question of whether the increased competition and increased use of indicators for research evaluation and accountability focus has perverse effects or not. We use a Swedish author disambiguated dataset consisting of 48.000 researchers and their WoS-publications during the period of 2008-2011 with citations until 2014 to investigate the relation between productivity and production of highly cited papers. As the analysis shows, quantity does make a difference. © 2016 Sandström, van den Besselaar. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Kurtz M.J.; Bollen J.	Usage bibliometrics	2010	Annual Review of Information Science and Technology	10.1002/aris.2010.1440440108	[No abstract available]	N/A
Rodrigues S.P.; Van Eck N.J.; Waltman L.; Jansen F.W.	Mapping patient safety: A large-scale literature review using bibliometric visualisation techniques	2014	BMJ Open	10.1136/bmjopen-2013-004468	Background: The amount of scientific literature available is often overwhelming, making it difficult for researchers to have a good overview of the literature and to see relations between different developments. Visualisation techniques based on bibliometric data are helpful in obtaining an overview of the literature on complex research topics, and have been applied here to the topic of patient safety (PS). Methods: On the basis of title words and citation relations, publications in the period 2000-2010 related to PS were identified in the Scopus bibliographic database. A visualisation of the most frequently cited PS publications was produced based on direct and indirect citation relations between publications. Terms were extracted from titles and abstracts of the publications, and a visualisation of the most important terms was created. The main PS-related topics studied in the literature were identified using a technique for clustering publications and terms. Results: A total of 8480 publications were identified, of which the 1462 most frequently cited ones were included in the visualisation. The publications were clustered into 19 clusters, which were grouped into three categories: (1) magnitude of PS problems (42% of all included publications); (2) PS risk factors (31%) and (3) implementation of solutions (19%). In the visualisation of PS-related terms, five clusters were identified: (1) medication; (2) measuring harm; (3) PS culture; (4) physician; (5) training, education and communication. Both analysis at publication and term level indicate an increasing focus on risk factors. Conclusions: A bibliometric visualisation approach makes it possible to analyse large amounts of literature. This approach is very useful for improving one's understanding of a complex research topic such as PS and for suggesting new research directions or alternative research priorities. For PS research, the approach suggests that more research on implementing PS improvement initiatives might be needed.	N/A
Knol M.J.; Egger M.; Scott P.; Geerlings M.I.; Vandenbroucke J.P.	When one depends on the other: Reporting of interaction in case-control and cohort studies	2009	Epidemiology	10.1097/EDE.0b013e31818f6651	BACKGROUND: Interaction refers to the situation in which the effect of 1 exposure on an outcome differs across strata of another exposure. We did a survey of epidemiologic studies published in leading journals to examine how interaction is assessed and reported. METHODS: We selected 150 case-control and 75 cohort studies published between May 2001 and May 2007 in leading general medicine, epidemiology, and clinical specialist journals. Two reviewers independently extracted data on study characteristics. RESULTS: Of the 225 studies, 138 (61%) addressed interaction. Among these, 25 (18%) presented no data or only a P value or a statement of statistical significance; 40 (29%) presented stratum-specific effect estimates but no meaningful comparison of these estimates; and 58 (42%) presented stratum-specific estimates and appropriate tests for interaction. Fifteen articles (11%) presented the individual effects of both exposures and also their joint effect or a product term, providing sufficient information to interpret interaction on an additive and multiplicative scale. Reporting was poorest in articles published in clinical specialist articles and most adequate in articles published in general medicine journals, with epidemiology journals in an intermediate position. CONCLUSIONS: A majority of articles reporting cohort and case-control studies address possible interactions between exposures. However, in about half of these, the information provided was unsatisfactory, and only 1 in 10 studies reported data that allowed readers to interpret interaction effects on an additive and multiplicative scale. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.	N/A
Bannach-Brown A.; Przybyła P.; Thomas J.; Rice A.S.C.; Ananiadou S.; Liao J.; Macleod M.R.	Machine learning algorithms for systematic review: Reducing workload in a preclinical review of animal studies and reducing human screening error	2019	Systematic Reviews	10.1186/s13643-019-0942-7	Background: Here, we outline a method of applying existing machine learning (ML) approaches to aid citation screening in an on-going broad and shallow systematic review of preclinical animal studies. The aim is to achieve a high-performing algorithm comparable to human screening that can reduce human resources required for carrying out this step of a systematic review. Methods: We applied ML approaches to a broad systematic review of animal models of depression at the citation screening stage. We tested two independently developed ML approaches which used different classification models and feature sets. We recorded the performance of the ML approaches on an unseen validation set of papers using sensitivity, specificity and accuracy. We aimed to achieve 95% sensitivity and to maximise specificity. The classification model providing the most accurate predictions was applied to the remaining unseen records in the dataset and will be used in the next stage of the preclinical biomedical sciences systematic review. We used a cross-validation technique to assign ML inclusion likelihood scores to the human screened records, to identify potential errors made during the human screening process (error analysis). Results: ML approaches reached 98.7% sensitivity based on learning from a training set of 5749 records, with an inclusion prevalence of 13.2%. The highest level of specificity reached was 86%. Performance was assessed on an independent validation dataset. Human errors in the training and validation sets were successfully identified using the assigned inclusion likelihood from the ML model to highlight discrepancies. Training the ML algorithm on the corrected dataset improved the specificity of the algorithm without compromising sensitivity. Error analysis correction leads to a 3% improvement in sensitivity and specificity, which increases precision and accuracy of the ML algorithm. Conclusions: This work has confirmed the performance and application of ML algorithms for screening in systematic reviews of preclinical animal studies. It has highlighted the novel use of ML algorithms to identify human error. This needs to be confirmed in other reviews with different inclusion prevalence levels, but represents a promising approach to integrating human decisions and automation in systematic review methodology. © 2019 The Author(s).	Analysis of human error; Automation tools; Citation screening; Machine learning; Systematic review
Dias C.; Mendes L.	Protected Designation of Origin (PDO), Protected Geographical Indication (PGI) and Traditional Speciality Guaranteed (TSG): A bibiliometric analysis	2018	Food Research International	10.1016/j.foodres.2017.09.059	Despite the importance of the literature on food quality labels in the European Union (PDO, PGI and TSG), our search did not find any review joining the various research topics on this subject. This study aims therefore to consolidate the state of academic research in this field, and so the methodological option was to elaborate a bibliometric analysis resorting to the term co-occurrence technique. Analysis was made of 501 articles on the ISI Web of Science database, covering publications up to 2016. The results of the bibliometric analysis allowed identification of four clusters: “Protected Geographical Indication” “Certification of Olive Oil and Cultivars” “Certification of Cheese and Milk” and “Certification and Chemical Composition”. Unlike the other clusters, where the PDO label predominates, the “Protected Geographical Indication” cluster covers the study of PGI products, highlighting analysis of consumer behaviour in relation to this type of product. The focus of studies in the “Certification of Olive Oil and Cultivars” cluster and the “Certification of Cheese and Milk” cluster is the development of authentication methods for certified traditional products. In the “Certification and Chemical Composition” cluster, standing out is analysis of the profiles of fatty acids present in this type of product. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Literature review; PDO; PGI; TSG
Clarke A.; Gatineau M.; Grimaud O.; Royer-Devaux S.; Wyn-Roberts N.; Bis I.L.; Lewison G.	A bibliometric overview of public health research in Europe	2007	European Journal of Public Health	10.1093/eurpub/ckm063	Background: Our aim, within the collaborative study SPHERE (Strengthening Public Health Research in Europe), was to produce a bibliometric overview of public health research literature for Europe. Methods: A search strategy ('filter') was designed to interrogate the Science Citation Index (SCI) and the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) databases for research articles published between 01/01/1995 and 31/12/2004 in any language. We analysed output for country by population, Gross Domestic Product (GDP), burden of disease using DALYs, and language. Results: Overlap between the two databases SCI and SSCI was 35%. 210 433 publications were identified after duplicates were removed, a world total of about 20 000 per year. Approximately 7000 papers per year were produced in Europe and 9400 by the USA. Thirteen of 28 individual European countries produced more than 100 public health papers per year. Publications per capita were highest in northern European countries. In multiple regression analyses, GDP was a modest predictor (r 2=0.53, P < 0.02) of publications for European countries, while population size and disability adjusted life years were not significantly related. Smaller countries and lower producers of public health research were more likely to collaborate with other countries. Of the publications, 3.5% were published in a non-English language, with German the most common. Conclusion: There is marked variation in public health publication by country in Europe. Eastern and southern European countries appear to under-invest in public health research compared with northern European countries and compared to relative health need. © The Author 2007.	Bibliometrics; Europe; Literature review; Public health research
Zhou X.; Wei X.; Lin J.; Tian X.; Lev B.; Wang S.	Supply chain management under carbon taxes: A review and bibliometric analysis	2021	Omega (United Kingdom)	10.1016/j.omega.2020.102295	Supply chain has received a great deal of attention both in academia and industry. The carbon emissions from supply chain activities are the major concern, therefore, many governments have implemented carbon taxes to promote energy conservation and emission reduction. Under this background, the impact of the carbon taxes on supply chain and the related operational decisions become hot topics. This paper aimed to review the researches on supply chain management under carbon tax. First, the descriptive results and a bibliometric analysis of identified articles during 2010–2019 was presented to clarify the development in this field. Then, content analysis is conducted to classify the selected articles into facility location decisions, supplier selection and order quantity, low carbon technology choice and investment, production planning, transportation decisions, pricing decisions, joint decisions and supply chain coordination under carbon taxes. The research progress in these areas was systematically reviewed and summarized. Finally, future directions were discussed from the perspectives of problem and method. © 2020 Elsevier Ltd	Carbon emissions; Carbon taxes; Literature review; Supply chain management
Mueller C.; Wright R.; Girod S.	The publication gender gap in US academic surgery	2017	BMC Surgery	10.1186/s12893-017-0211-4	Background: Terms such as “glass ceiling” and “sticky floor” are still commonly used to describe women’s role in academic surgery. Despite continued efforts to address disparities between men and women in the field, gender inequalities persist. Methods: In this investigation we highlight gender differences in published surgical literature by both quantity and impact. Websites for departments of surgery of three academic centers were reviewed to assess the bibliometrics of publications by gender over a two-week period. Results: A one-way ANOVA showed a significantly higher H-index for men than women (p > .05). Further, one-way ANOVA showed significantly more articles published by men than women (p = .019). These differences are most dramatic at the rank of associate professor where the H-index for men is three times that of the women. The rank of full professor showed men had double the number of articles published. Conclusions: These findings align with the previous research that shows a disparity between males and females as they climb the academic ladder. Conducting and publishing research is a vital part of advancement in academic medicine. This study suggests that publication productivity may be a factor that hinders women from advancing within surgery compared to men. Continuing to explore and identify reasons for this gender difference in academic surgery may highlight ways to address the imbalance. © 2017 The Author(s).	Gender; Hindex; Publication rate; Surgery
Svider P.F.; Pashkova A.A.; Choudhry Z.; Agarwal N.; Kovalerchik O.; Baredes S.; Liu J.K.; Eloy J.A.	Comparison of scholarly impact among surgical specialties: An examination of 2429 academic surgeons	2013	Laryngoscope	10.1002/lary.23951	Objectives/Hypothesis The h-index, a bibliometric indicator that objectively characterizes the impact of an author's scholarship, is an effective tool that may be considered by academic departments for decisions related to hiring and faculty advancement. Our objective was to characterize the scholarly productivity of academic surgeons from different specialties relative to otolaryngologists. Study Design Analysis of a bibliometric database. Methods The h-indices of 2,429 faculty members within surgical specialties at 20 randomly selected academic institutions were calculated using the Scopus database and were examined to determine relationship with academic rank and comparison among surgical subspecialties. Results The h-index statistically increased with academic rank. Mean h-indices were as follows: assistant professor, 4.37 (range, 2.73-6.69); associate professor, 8.70 (6.53-11.02); professor, 16.44 (13.39-20.45); and chairperson, 20.79 (14.81-27.89). Mean increase between academic rank was 5.47, with the largest increase between the levels of associate professor and professor. Further examination demonstrated statistically significant increases through all academic ranks for most, but not all, individual specialties. Urologists, general surgeons, and neurosurgeons had the highest mean h-indices. Conclusions h-indices among the different surgical specialties vary and are potentially impacted by the number of practitioners as well as research emphasis within a field. The mean h-index of academic otolaryngologists falls in the lower values for academic surgeons. Because this metric varies among different fields, it is most relevant for comparison when examining values within a field. H-indices reliably increase with increasing academic rank through professor and offer a quantifiable and objective alternative to other metrics when evaluating faculty members for academic advancement. Copyright © 2013 The American Laryngological, Rhinological, and Otological Society, Inc.	academic physician scientific productivity; academic productivity; academic promotion; academic rank determination; academic rank in surgical specialties; faculty productivity; h-index; surgical faculty productivity
Yoshii A.; Plaut D.A.; McGraw K.A.; Anderson M.J.; Wellik K.E.	Analysis of the reporting of search strategies in Cochrane systematic reviews	2009	Journal of the Medical Library Association	10.3163/1536-5050.97.1.004	Background: The Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions provides instructions for documenting a systematic review's electronic database search strategy, listing elements that should be in the description. Complete documentation of the search strategy allows readers to evaluate the search when critically appraising a review's quality. Objective: The research analyzed recently published Cochrane reviews to determine whether instructions for describing electronic database search strategies were being followed. Methods: Eighty-three new reviews added to the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews in the first quarter of 2006 were selected for analysis. Eighteen were subsequently excluded because their searches were conducted only in the specialized registers of Cochrane review groups. The remaining sixty-five reviews were analyzed for the seven elements of an electronic database search strategy description listed in the Cochrane Handbook, using dual review with consensus. Results: Of the 65 reviews analyzed, none included all 7 recommended elements. Four reviews (6%) included 6 elements. Thirty-two percent (21/65) included 5 or more elements, with 68% (44/65) including 4 or fewer. Three included only 2 elements. The 65 reviews represented 41 different Cochrane review groups. Conclusion: The instructions from the Cochrane Handbook for reporting search strategies are not being consistently employed by groups producing Cochrane reviews.	N/A
Amin M.; Mabe M.A.	Impact factors: Use and abuse	2003	Medicina	N/A	[No abstract available]	N/A
Clement T.P.	Authorship Matrix: A Rational Approach to Quantify Individual Contributions and Responsibilities in Multi-Author Scientific Articles	2014	Science and Engineering Ethics	10.1007/s11948-013-9454-3	We propose a rational method for addressing an important question—who deserves to be an author of a scientific article? We review various contentious issues associated with this question and recommend that the scientific community should view authorship in terms of contributions and responsibilities, rather than credits. We propose a new paradigm that conceptually divides a scientific article into four basic elements: ideas, work, writing, and stewardship. We employ these four fundamental elements to modify the well-known International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) authorship guidelines. The modified ICMJE guidelines are then used as the basis to develop an approach to quantify individual contributions and responsibilities in multi-author articles. The outcome of the approach is an authorship matrix, which can be used to answer several nagging questions related to authorship. © 2013, The Author(s).	Author-rank; Authorship; Authorship-quantification; Authorship-responsibility; Co-authorship; Multi-author article; Responsible-conduct of research (RCR); Scientific-authoring
Pattnaik D.; Hassan M.K.; Kumar S.; Paul J.	Trade credit research before and after the global financial crisis of 2008 – A bibliometric overview	2020	Research in International Business and Finance	10.1016/j.ribaf.2020.101287	This study presents an overview of the state-of-the-art in trade credit research by examining 1191 publications between 1955 and 2019. Applying bibliometrics and econometrics, the study compares the extant research across the three sub-domains of banking and finance, production and operations, and accounting. Findings suggest that the financial emergency in the global market had resulted in a watershed moment in trade credit research. About 69 % of the literature was found to have emerged after the global economic crisis of 2008. A network analysis grouped the trade credit articles into four major and four minor clusters. The banking and financing cluster exhibited the highest growth followed by the production and operation cluster while the perspectives of accounting are yet to gain traction. Conversely, reputation of the publishing hub, empirical studies, and the production and operational dimensions of the research positively and significantly influence citations. Alongside a thorough introspection, the study also provides new areas to direct the course of future research. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliographic coupling; Bibliometrics; Co-citation; COVID-19; Regression; Trade credit
De Oliveira Lacerda R.T.; Ensslin L.; Ensslin S.R.	A bibliometric analysis of strategy and performance measurement; [Uma análise bibliométrica da literatura sobre estratégia e avaliação de desempenho]	2012	Gestao e Producao	10.1590/s0104-530x2012000100005	Motivated by a study that aims to study how performance measurement can be used to support business strategies, this paper presents a procedure to select relevant articles on the subject in order to compose the core bibliography of this area of knowledge. The process enabled the identification of 41 relevant and aligned articles on the research theme in an international database. In addition to the selection of articles, this paper carries out a bibliometric analysis of this portfolio and describes statistically the most relevant articles, authors, and journals that have published more articles on the topic of performance measurement in a strategic perspective. With the results, academics and practitioners can develop their core collection of articles, authors, and journals that stand out in this research area of performance evaluation and organizational strategy.	Bibliometrics; Decision; Performance measurement; Strategy
Benamer H.T.; Bakoush O.	Arab nations lagging behind other Middle Eastern countries in biomedical research: A comparative study	2009	BMC Medical Research Methodology	10.1186/1471-2288-9-26	Background. Analysis of biomedical research and publications in a country or group of countries is used to monitor research progress and trends. This study aims to assess the performance of biomedical research in the Arab world during 2001-2005 and to compare it with other Middle Eastern non-Arab countries. Methods. PubMed and Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-expanded) were searched systematically for the original biomedical research publications and their citation frequencies of 16 Arab nations and three non-Arab Middle Eastern countries (Iran, Israel and Turkey), all of which are classified as middle or high income countries. Results. The 16 Arab countries together have 5775 and 14,374 original research articles listed by PubMed and SCI-expanded, respectively, significantly less (p < 0.001) than the other three Middle Eastern countries (25,643 and 49,110). The Arab countries also scored less when the data were normalized to population, gross domestic product (GDP), and GDP/capita. The publications from the Arab countries also have a significantly lower (p < 0.001) citation frequency. Conclusion. The Arab world is producing fewer biomedical publications of lower quality than other Middle Eastern countries. Studies are needed to clarify the causes and to propose strategies to improve the biomedical research status in Arab countries.	N/A
Paik A.M.; Mady L.J.; Villanueva N.L.; Goljo E.; Svider P.F.; Ciminello F.; Eloy J.A.	Research productivity and gender disparities: A look at academic plastic surgery	2014	Journal of Surgical Education	10.1016/j.jsurg.2014.01.010	Objectives The h-index has utility in examining the contributions of faculty members by quantifying both the amount and the quality of research output and as such is a metric in approximating academic productivity. The objectives of this study were (1) to evaluate the relationship between h-index and academic rank in plastic surgery and (2) to describe the current gender representation in academic plastic surgery to assess whether there are any gender disparities in academic productivity. Design The h-index was used to evaluate the research contributions of plastic surgeons from academic departments in the United States. Results There were 426 (84%) men and 79 (16%) women in our sample. Those in higher academic ranks had higher h-index scores (p < 0.0005). There was a significant difference in overall mean h-index by gender, where the mean scores were 9.0 and 6.0 for men and women, respectively (p = 0.0005). When analyzed by academic rank, there was a significant difference in academic productivity between men and women in assistant and associate professor positions (6.4 vs 5.1, respectively; p = 0.04). Conclusions The h-index is able to objectively and reliably quantify academic productivity in plastic surgery. We found that h-indices increased with higher academic rank, and men had overall higher scores than their female colleagues. Adoption of this metric as an adjunct to other objective and subjective measures by promotions committees may provide a more reliable measure of research relevance and academic productivity in academic plastic surgery. © 2014 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. Allrights reserved.	academic productivity; academic promotion; gender disparity; h-index; plastic surgery; research productivity
Ozsoy Z.; Demir E.	Which Bariatric Procedure Is the Most Popular in the World? A Bibliometric Comparison	2018	Obesity Surgery	10.1007/s11695-018-3163-6	Objective: This study aims to make a bibliometric analysis of the most commonly performed bariatric procedures between the years 2006 and 2016 and identify the most popular procedure in the field of bariatric surgery (BS). Background: Despite the fact that BS popularity has been increasing considerably in recent years, the literature indicates insufficient information regarding the comparison of the methods used in BS. Methods: The terms “Sleeve Gastrectomy,” “Gastric Bypass,” or “Gastric Band” were searched in Web of Science for the years between 1980 and 2016. All the publications found were subjected to bibliometric analysis. Results: WoS database included 3501 publications about the sleeve gastrectomy keyword, 7278 publications about the gastric bypass keyword, and 2692 publications about the gastric band keyword. USA was found to be the most active country in all methods, and the authors who had most publications were Gagner M (64, 1.8%) for sleeve gastrectomy, Le Roux CW (83, 1.1%) for gastric bypass, and O’brien PE (50, 1.9%) for gastric band. “Obesity Surgery” was the journal that contributed most to the literature in all three obesity surgery procedures. Conclusion: Despite the fact that the top procedure was Roux-en-Y gastric bypass in terms of bibliometrics, the most popular procedure was found to be sleeve gastrectomy. According to the percentage of the increase in publications and citations, sleeve gastrectomy was found to be the method which showed the highest increase rates in recent years. © 2018, Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.	Bariatric surgery; Bibliometrics; Obesity surgery; Procedures
Charvet F.F.; Cooper M.C.; Gardner J.T.	THE INTELLECTUAL STRUCTURE OF SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT: A BIBLIOMETRIC APPROACH	2008	Journal of Business Logistics	10.1002/j.2158-1592.2008.tb00068.x	Now that supply chain management has a two-decade research history, it is possible to examine the literature to identify whether there is any latent intellectual structure using bibliometric tools. The study applies a citation and co-citation approach to reveal four clusters of research that have emerged. One cluster has strong ties to the logistics field, with primarily conceptual articles. A second cluster finds its roots in operations research, and consists mainly of modeling articles. The application of multidimensional scaling, cluster analysis, and factor analysis on co-citations demonstrated a clearly identifiable structure. The structure is examined and implications for the future development of supply chain research are discussed. 2008 Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals	Bibliometrics; Co-Citation analysis; Logistics; Production and operations management; Purchasing; Supply chain management
Io H.N.; Lee C.B.	Chatbots and conversational agents: A bibliometric analysis	2017	IEEE International Conference on Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management	10.1109/IEEM.2017.8289883	Chatbots are replacing some of the jobs that are traditionally performed by human workers, such as online customer service agents and educators. From the initial stage of rule-based chatbots to the era of rapid development in artificial intelligence (AI), the performance of chatbots keeps improving. Chatbots can nowadays 'chat' like a human being and they can learn from experience. The purpose of this research is to examine the past research on chatbots (also known as conversational agents) using the quantitative bibliometric analysis. The contribution of this research is to help researchers to identify research gaps for the future research agenda in chatbots. The results of the analysis found a potential research opportunity in chatbots due to the emergence of the deep learning technology. This new technology may change the direction of future research in chatbots. Several recommendations for future research are provided based on the results obtained from our analysis. © 2017 IEEE.	bibliometric analysis; Chatbot; conversational agent
Hassan S.-U.; Haddawy P.; Zhu J.	A bibliometric study of the world's research activity in sustainable development and its sub-areas using scientific literature	2014	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-013-1193-3	This paper presents a bibliometric study of the world's research activity in Sustainable Development using scientific literature. The study was conducted using data from the Scopus database over the time period of 2000-2010. We investigated the research landscape in Sustainable Development at country level and at institute level. Sustainable Development and its sub-areas are defined by keywords vetted by the domain experts, allowing publications to be identified independent of the journals and conferences in which they are published. The results indicate that institutes strong in Sustainable Development overall may not be strong in all sub-areas and that institutes not strong in Sustainable Development overall may have significant niche strengths in a given sub-area. It is also noted that China appears strong in terms of publication output in Sustainable Development and its sub-areas but it does not appear strong in terms of citation counts. The information produced in this study can be useful for government research agencies in terms of understanding how to more effectively knit together the various niche strengths in the country; and for the institutes to find strategic partners that can coordinate in niche areas of Sustainable Development and complement their strengths. In order to conduct bibliometric analysis in an interdisciplinary research area, the keyword collection approach appears to be very useful. This approach is flexible and can be used to conduct such analysis for interdisciplinary research fields. © 2013 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Interdisciplinary research fields; Sustainable development
Gonzalez De Dios J.; Moya M.; Mateos Hernández M.A.	Bibliometric indicators: Characteristics and limitations of the analysis of scientific activity; [Indicadores bibliometricos: Caracteristicas y limitaciones en el analisis de la actividad cientifica]	1997	Anales Espanoles de Pediatria	N/A	[No abstract available]	N/A
Chen X.; Xie H.; Wang F.L.; Liu Z.; Xu J.; Hao T.	A bibliometric analysis of natural language processing in medical research	2018	BMC Medical Informatics and Decision Making	10.1186/s12911-018-0594-x	Background: Natural language processing (NLP) has become an increasingly significant role in advancing medicine. Rich research achievements of NLP methods and applications for medical information processing are available. It is of great significance to conduct a deep analysis to understand the recent development of NLP-empowered medical research field. However, limited study examining the research status of this field could be found. Therefore, this study aims to quantitatively assess the academic output of NLP in medical research field. Methods: We conducted a bibliometric analysis on NLP-empowered medical research publications retrieved from PubMed in the period 2007-2016. The analysis focused on three aspects. Firstly, the literature distribution characteristics were obtained with a statistics analysis method. Secondly, a network analysis method was used to reveal scientific collaboration relations. Finally, thematic discovery and evolution was reflected using an affinity propagation clustering method. Results: There were 1405 NLP-empowered medical research publications published during the 10 years with an average annual growth rate of 18.39%. 10 most productive publication sources together contributed more than 50% of the total publications. The USA had the highest number of publications. A moderately significant correlation between country's publications and GDP per capita was revealed. Denny, Joshua C was the most productive author. Mayo Clinic was the most productive affiliation. The annual co-affiliation and co-country rates reached 64.04% and 15.79% in 2016, respectively. 10 main great thematic areas were identified including Computational biology, Terminology mining, Information extraction, Text classification, Social medium as data source, Information retrieval, etc. Conclusions: A bibliometric analysis of NLP-empowered medical research publications for uncovering the recent research status is presented. The results can assist relevant researchers, especially newcomers in understanding the research development systematically, seeking scientific cooperation partners, optimizing research topic choices and monitoring new scientific or technological activities. © 2018 The Author(s).	Bibliometrics; Medical; Natural language processing; Scientific collaboration; Statistical characteristics; Thematic discovery and evolution
Ekundayo T.C.; Okoh A.I.	A global bibliometric analysis of Plesiomonas-related research (1990 – 2017)	2018	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0207655	                             Plesiomonas shigelloides is an emerging pathogen with damaging effects on human health such as gastroenteritis and extraintestinal infections. Here, we carried out a bibliometric survey that aimed to examine publication trends in Plesiomonas-related research by time and place, international collaborative works, identify gaps and suggest directions for future research. The search term “Plesiomonas shigelloides” was used to retrieve articles published between 1990 and 2017 from the Web of Science database. Only primary research articles were included in the analysis. A total of 155 articles were published within the survey period, with an average of 5.54±2.66 articles per year and an annual growth rate of −0.8%. Research output peaked in 2000 and 2006 (each accounting for 7.7% of the total). The United States ranked first in terms of numbers of articles (n = 29, 18.1%) and total citations (n = 451). Cameroon, Canada, Cuba, Switzerland and Turkey co-shared the 10                             th                              position each with 2 articles (1.3%). Research collaboration was low (collaboration index = 3. 32). In addition to Plesiomonas shigelloides (n = 82, 52.9%), the top Authors Keywords and research focus included lipopolysaccharide and nuclear magnetic resonance (n = 13, 8.4%). Diarrhea (n = 43, 27.7%), Aeromonas species (n = 41, 26.5%) and infections (n = 31, 20.0%) were also highly represented in Keywords-Plus. Authors’ collaborations and coupling networks formed two mega-clusters which nodes were shared solely by authors from high-income countries. The common conceptual framework in retrieved articles determined by K-means clustering revealed three clusters with sizes of 7, 16, and 29, representing research responses focused on extraintestinal and gastroenteritis, P. shigelloides lipopolysaccharide structure, and co-infections, respectively. Our bibliometric analysis revealed a global diminishing research in Plesiomonas; greater research outcomes from high-income countries compared to others and low collaboration with developing countries.                          © 2018 Ekundayo, Okoh. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Rafols I.; Hopkins M.M.; Hoekman J.; Siepel J.; O'Hare A.; Perianes-Rodríguez A.; Nightingale P.	Big Pharma, little science?. A bibliometric perspective on Big Pharma's R&D decline.	2014	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2012.06.007	There is a widespread perception that pharmaceutical R&D is facing a productivity crisis characterised by stagnation in the numbers of new drug approvals in the face of increasing R&D costs. This study explores pharmaceutical R&D dynamics by examining the publication activities of all R&D laboratories of the major European and US pharmaceutical firms (Big Pharma) during the period 1995-2009. The empirical findings present an industry in transformation. In the first place, we observe a decline of the total number of publications by large firms. Second, we show a relative increase of their external collaborations suggesting a tendency to outsource, and a diversification of the disciplinary base, in particular towards computation, health services and more clinical approaches. Also evident is a more pronounced decline in publications by both R&D laboratories located in Europe and by firms with European headquarters. Finally, while publications by Big Pharma in emerging economies sharply increase, they remain extremely low compared with those in developed countries. In summary, the trend in this transformation is one of a gradual decrease in internal research efforts and increasing reliance on external research. These empirical insights support the view that Big Pharma are increasingly becoming 'network integrators' rather than the prime locus of drug discovery. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Collaboration; Europe; Globalisation; Innovation; Outsourcing; Pharmaceuticals; Research network
Ruiz-Real J.L.; Uribe-Toril J.; Valenciano J.D.P.; Gázquez-Abad J.C.	Worldwide research on circular economy and environment: A bibliometric analysis	2018	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph15122699	The relevance of circular economy to environmental science has led to a notable increase of research works during the last few years. It is very important to know the evolution of the publications that relate these two concepts, as well as the main areas of knowledge in which these investigations are framed. The purpose is to understand and highlight the state of art of circular economy and the role and relationship of the environment. Bibliometric analysis allows to evaluate developments in knowledge on a specific subject and assesses the scientific influence of researches and sources. This paper analyses the worldwide research dynamics on circular economy in the period from 2006 to 2017. A bibliometric analysis of 743 articles was completed. The most productive journals in this field were Journal of Cleaner Production. The five most productive countries were China, United Kingdom, Italy, the Netherlands, and Germany. Works on the circular economy and environment has considerable potential and it is open to research fields as sustainability or industrial production. The findings of this study could prove useful for studies into environmental circular economy, as they show a global sight of this line of study. Thus, the article represents a contribution to identify the main trends in circular economy research and environment and, from there, propose future research initiatives. © 2018 by the authors. Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.	Bibliometric analysis; Circular economy; Cross world research; Environment; Global research environment; Sustainability; WOS
Lee D.; de Keizer N.; Lau F.; Cornet R.	Literature review of SNOMED CT use	2014	Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association	10.1136/amiajnl-2013-001636	Objective: The aim of this paper is to report on the use of the systematised nomenclature of medicine clinical terms (SNOMED CT) by providing an overview of published papers. Methods: Published papers on SNOMED CT between 2001 and 2012 were identified using PubMed and Embase databases using the keywords 'systematised nomenclature of medicine' and 'SNOMED CT'. For each paper the following characteristics were retrieved: SNOMED CT focus category (ie, indeterminate, theoretical, pre-development/design, implementation and evaluation/commodity), usage category (eg, prospective content coverage, used to classify or code in a study), medical domain and country. Results: Our search strategy identified 488 papers. A comparison between the papers published between 2001-6 and 2007-12 showed an increase in every SNOMED CT focus category. The number of papers classified as 'theoretical' increased from 46 to 78, 'pre-development/design' increased from 61 to 173 and 'implementation' increased from 10 to 34. Papers classified as 'evaluation/commodity' only started to appear from 2010. Conclusions: The majority of studies focused on 'theoretical' and 'pre-development/design'. This is still encouraging as SNOMED CT is being harmonized with other standardized terminologies and is being evaluated to determine the content coverage of local terms, which is usually one of the first steps towards adoption. Most implementations are not published in the scientific literature, requiring a look beyond the scientific literature to gain insights into SNOMED CT implementations.	N/A
Heyland D.K.; Guyatt G.; Cook D.J.; Meade M.; Juniper E.; Cronin L.; Gafni A.	Frequency and methodologic rigor of quality-of-life assessments in the critical care literature	1998	Critical Care Medicine	10.1097/00003246-199803000-00037	Objectives: To present a framework for describing/measuring quality of life (QOL) and health-related quality of life (HRQL), and to assess the frequency and methodologic rigor of QOL studies in the adult critical care literature. Data Sources: Computerized bibliographic search of published research, manual search of key intensive care unit (ICU) journals, and citation review of relevant articles. Study Selection: We manually searched Critical Care Medicine, American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, and Intensive Care Medicine for the period January 1992 to July 1995 to assess the frequency of published QOL studies. Combined with a computerized bibliographic search, we found 64 studies that met our criteria that reported on patient-related outcomes (other than mortality) after hospital discharge. Data Extraction: We abstracted data on the nature of each study, the instruments used to measure QOL, and the methodologic rigor of the QOL assessments. We evaluated each study using criteria we developed to assess the validity of HRQL measurements. Measurements and Main Results: In our manual search, we found 1,073 articles relevant to the practice of adult critical care. Of these, 19 (1.7%)/1073 included QOL measurements. Combined with our comprehensive search strategy, we found 64 papers that evaluated QOL in ICU patients. These papers dealt primarily with issues of: prognosis (32 [50%]), resource allocation (23 [36%]), and clinical prediction (9 [14%]). We found no randomized trials that included post-ICU QOL as an outcome. With respect to the validity of the HRQL assessments, 63/64 (98%) studies evaluated aspects of patients' lives that we considered important. Thirty- three (52%) studies were limited in scope to specific aspects of HRQL, and 31 (48%) studies covered broad areas of HRQL. In these 64 studies, there were 108 different instruments used. The reliability and validity of the instruments used were reported in 7 (6%) and 15 (14%) cases, respectively. For 81 (75%) instruments, the investigators either explained the results or used informative, qualitative descriptors whose interpretation was self- evident. Overall, three (5%) of the included studies met all four methodologic criteria to assess the validity of HRQL assessments. Conclusions: QOL assessments occur infrequently in the ICU literature and are to limited methodologic quality. More studies using valid and reliable instruments are necessary to document the long-term QOL of critically ill patients, especially those at risk of a 'poor' outcome.	Critical care; Economics; Follow-up studies; Health status measurements; Intensive care units; Prognosis; Program evaluation; Quality of life; Review; Utilities
Athar A.; Teufel S.	Context-enhanced citation sentiment detection	2012	NAACL HLT 2012 - 2012 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies, Proceedings of the Conference	N/A	Sentiment analysis of citations in scientific papers and articles is a new and interesting problem which can open up many exciting new applications in bibliographic search and bibliometrics. Current work on citation sentiment detection focuses on only the citation sentence. In this paper, we address the problem of context-enhanced citation sentiment detection. We present a new citation sentiment corpus which has been annotated to take the dominant sentiment in the entire citation context into account. We believe that this gold standard is closer to the truth than annotation that looks only at the citation sentence itself. We then explore the effect of context windows of different lengths on the performance of a stateof- the-art citation sentiment detection system when using this context-enhanced gold standard definition. © 2012 Association for Computational Linguistics.	N/A
Bornmann L.; Marx W.	How to evaluate individual researchers working in the natural and life sciences meaningfully? A proposal of methods based on percentiles of citations	2014	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-013-1161-y	Although bibliometrics has been a separate research field for many years, there is still no uniformity in the way bibliometric analyses are applied to individual researchers. Therefore, this study aims to set up proposals how to evaluate individual researchers working in the natural and life sciences. 2005 saw the introduction of the h index, which gives information about a researcher's productivity and the impact of his or her publications in a single number (h is the number of publications with at least h citations); however, it is not possible to cover the multidimensional complexity of research performance and to undertake inter-personal comparisons with this number. This study therefore includes recommendations for a set of indicators to be used for evaluating researchers. Our proposals relate to the selection of data on which an evaluation is based, the analysis of the data and the presentation of the results. © 2013 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Citations; Percentiles; Productivity; Publications; Researchers
Saltelli A.; Funtowicz S.	What is science's crisis really about?	2017	Futures	10.1016/j.futures.2017.05.010	Present day reasoning about difficulties in science reproducibility, science governance, and the use of science for policy could benefit from a philosophical and historical perspective. This would show that the present crisis was anticipated by some scholars of these disciplines, and that diagnoses were offered which are not yet mainstream among crisis-aware disciplines, from statistics to medicine, from bibliometrics to biology. Diagnoses in turn open the path to possible solutions. This discussion is urgent given the impact of the crises on public trust in institutions. We ask whether the present crisis may be seminal in terms of drawing attention to alternative visions for the role of Science in society, and its relevant institutional arrangements. We finish by offering a number of suggestions in this direction. © 2017 The Authors	Extended participation; History and philosophy of science Science; Post-normal science; Reproducibility; Science and Technology Studies; Science's crisis
Schick V.R.; Rima B.N.; Calabrese S.K.	Evulvalution: The portrayal of women's external genitalia and physique across time and the current Barbie doll ideals	2011	Journal of Sex Research	10.1080/00224490903308404	Media images of the female body commonly represent reigning appearance ideals of the era in which they are published. To date, limited documentation of the genital appearance ideals in mainstream media exists. Analysis 1 sought to describe genital appearance ideals (i.e., mons pubis and labia majora visibility, labia minora size and color, and pubic hair style) and general physique ideals (i.e., hip, waist, and bust size, height, weight, and body mass index [BMI]) across time based on 647 Playboy Magazine centerfolds published between 1953 and 2007. Analysis 2 focused exclusively on the genital appearance ideals embodied by models in 185 Playboy photographs published between 2007 and 2008. Taken together, results suggest the perpetuation of a Barbie Doll ideal characterized by a low BMI, narrow hips, a prominent bust, and hairless, undefined genitalia resembling those of a prepubescent female. Copyright © The Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality.	N/A
Li T.; Ho Y.-S.; Li C.-Y.	Bibliometric analysis on global Parkinson's disease research trends during 1991-2006	2008	Neuroscience Letters	10.1016/j.neulet.2008.06.044	In 10 years, we will mark the 200th anniversary of the James Parkinson's original description of the disease that now bears his name. This study was to explore an alternative statistical approach to quantitatively and qualitatively assessing current research trends on global Parkinson's disease, using the related literatures from the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science databases during the period of 1991-2006. Articles were concentrated on the analysis by scientific output characters, world collaboration, and the frequency of author keywords used. An exponential regression was applied to model the high correlation between cumulative number of articles and the year. International collaborative articles were more prevalent in recent years than earlier years, and increasing international collaboration would lead to more powerful articles due to the sharing of ideas and workloads, while China, Italy, Spain, and Austria are benefit a lot from the international cooperation. Finally, author keywords were analyzed contrastively, with research trends and recent hotspots provided. © 2008 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.	Author keywords analysis; Bibliometric; Global trend; ISI database; Parkinson's diseases
Piper C.L.; Scheel J.R.; Lee C.I.; Forman H.P.	Gender trends in radiology authorship: A 35-year analysis	2016	American Journal of Roentgenology	10.2214/AJR.15.15116	Objective. The purpose of this study was to describe trends over time in female authorship in the radiology literature and to investigate the tendency of female first authors to publish with female senior authors. Materials and Methods. Data on the gender of academic physician authors based in the United States for all major articles published in three general radiology journals-Radiology, AJR, and Academic Radiology-were collected and analyzed for the years 1978, 1988, 1998, 2008, and 2013. Multivariate logistic regression was used to identify significant trends over time, and a chi-square test of independence was performed to determine significant relations between the genders of first and senior authors. Results. The gender of 4182 of 4217 (99.17%) authors with MD degrees was determined. The proportion of original research articles published by women as first authors increased from 8.33% in 1978 to 32.35% in 2013 (p < 0.001). The proportion of original research articles with women as senior authors increased from 6.75% in 1978 to 21.90% in 2013 (p < 0.001). Female first and senior authorship increased significantly over time (first author, p < 0.001; senior author, p < 0.001). There was a statistically significant relation between the genders of first and senior authors of original research articles and guest editorials (p < 0.001). Conclusion. Over 35 years, there was a statistically significant upward linear trend of female physician participation in authorship of academic radiology literature. Female first authors were more likely to publish with female senior authors. © American Roentgen Ray Society.	Gender; Medical literature; Radiology; Women physicians; Workforce issues
Chen W.; Liu W.; Geng Y.; Brown M.T.; Gao C.; Wu R.	Recent progress on emergy research: A bibliometric analysis	2017	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2017.02.041	Emergy-related studies have been widely conducted worldwide in order to evaluate the total environmental support and sustainability of one system from both natural and economic sides. Aiming to depict the characteristics of emergy-related literatures, recognize global research foci, and forecast future research directions, a complete review on the related research progresses by using a bibliometric analysis approach was performed in this study. H-index is applied to evaluate the influence of most productive journals, countries/territories, and institutions in emergy-related fields. Social network analysis is also performed to evaluate the interaction among different countries/territories and institutions. A holistic picture of the primary performance of emergy-related literatures published from 1999 to 2014 is presented. Co-word analysis reveals that emergy-based sustainability research and the integration of emergy synthesis with other methods (especially life cycle assessment) will be future research directions in emergy-related fields. Results obtained from this study can provide valuable information for researchers to better identify future hotspots in emergy-related fields. © 2017 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Co-word analysis; Emergy; H-index; Social network analysis; Web of Science
Mahapatra D.M.; Satapathy K.C.; Panda B.	Biofertilizers and nanofertilizers for sustainable agriculture: Phycoprospects and challenges	2022	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2021.149990	Increased food demands and ceasing nutrient deposits have resulted in a great shortfall between the food supply and demand and would be worse in the years to come. Higher inputs of synthetic fertilizers on lands have resulted in environmental pollution, persistent changes in the soil ecology, and physicochemical conditions. This has greatly decreased the natural soil fertility thereby hindering agricultural productivity, human health, and hygiene. Bio-based resilient nutrient sources as wastewater-derived algae are promising as a complete nutrient for agriculture and have the potential to be used in soilless cultivations. Innovations in nano-fortification and nano-sizing of minerals and algae have the potential to facilitate nutrients bioavailability and efficacy for a multifold increase in productivity. In this context, various options on minerals nanofertilizer application in agricultural food production besides efficient biofertilizer have been investigated. Algal biofertilizer with the nanoscale application has huge prospects for further agriculture productivities and fosters suitable development. © 2021	Agriculture; Algae; Algaponics; Biofertilizer; Nanofertilizer; Wastewater
Prathap G.	Is there a place for a mock h-index?	2010	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-009-0066-2	The h-index has captured the imagination of scientometricians and bibliometricians to such an extent that one can now divide the history of the subject virtually into a pre-Hirsch and a post-Hirsch period. Beyond its academic value, it is now used as a tool for research assessment of individuals, research faculties and institutions and even for comparing performance of journals and countries. Since its introduction, many Hirsch-type variants have been proposed to overcome perceived limitations of the original index. In this paper, using ideas from mathematical modeling, another mock h-index is proposed which may complement the h-index and give it better resolving power. © 2009 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary.	Bibliometrics; Corrected quality ratio; h-index; Mock h-index
Henry M.; Schraven D.; Bocken N.; Frenken K.; Hekkert M.; Kirchherr J.	The battle of the buzzwords: A comparative review of the circular economy and the sharing economy concepts	2021	Environmental Innovation and Societal Transitions	10.1016/j.eist.2020.10.008	Circular economy (CE) and sharing economy (SE) are much discussed concepts but potential links between them have not been examined systematically so far. The concepts’ popularity coupled with a lack of definitional consensus may hinder their potential to advance sustainability transitions. Hence, the first comparative bibliometric study of these two concepts was carried out. It was found that they share notable links in the fields of sustainability, business models, sustainable consumption and governance. Business model literature reveals links mostly in the realms of platform- and service-based activities. The field of SE has a strong consumer focus but, unlike CE, barely addressed rebound effects so far. Governance literature shows a general top-down dynamic driving CE, while SE is considered to be bottom-up. SE is conceptualized as a subset of CE which opens possibilities for mutual enrichment. The findings aim to provoke more dialogue between the CE and SE communities. © 2020 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Business models; Circular economy; Governance; Keyword analysis; Sharing economy; Sustainable development
Greninger A.L.	A decade of RNA virus metagenomics is (not) enough	2018	Virus Research	10.1016/j.virusres.2017.10.014	It is hard to overemphasize the role that metagenomics has had on our recent understanding of RNA virus diversity. Metagenomics in the 21st century has brought with it an explosion in the number of RNA virus species, genera, and families far exceeding that following the discovery of the microscope in the 18th century for eukaryotic life or culture media in the 19th century for bacteriology or the 20th century for virology. When the definition of success in organism discovery is measured by sequence diversity and evolutionary distance, RNA viruses win. This review explores the history of RNA virus metagenomics, reasons for the successes so far in RNA virus metagenomics, and methodological concerns. In addition, the review briefly covers clinical metagenomics and environmental metagenomics and highlights some of the critical accomplishments that have defined the fast pace of RNA virus discoveries in recent years. Slightly more than a decade in, the field is exhausted from its discoveries but knows that there is yet even more out there to be found. © 2017 The Author	Conjoined circles; Metagenomics; RNA virus; Viral discovery
Callaham M.L.; Tercier J.	The relationship of previous training and experience of journal peer reviewers to subsequent review quality	2007	PLoS Medicine	10.1371/journal.pmed.0040040	"Background: Peer review is considered crucial to the selection and publication of quality science, but very little is known about the previous experiences and training that might identify high-quality peer reviewers. The reviewer selection processes of most journals, and thus the qualifications of their reviewers, are ill defined. More objective selection of peer reviewers might improve the journal peer review process and thus the quality of published science. Methods and Findings: 306 experienced reviewers (71% of all those associated with a specialty journal) completed a survey of past training and experiences postulated to improve peer review skills. Reviewers performed 2,856 reviews of 1,484 separate manuscripts during a four-year study period, all prospectively rated on a standardized quality scale by editors. Multivariable analysis revealed that most variables, including academic rank, formal training in critical appraisal or statistics, or status as principal investigator of a grant, failed to predict performance of higher-quality reviews. The only significant predictors of quality were working in a university-operated hospital versus other teaching environment and relative youth (under ten years of experience after finishing training). Being on an editorial board and doing formal grant (study section) review were each predictors for only one of our two comparisons. However, the predictive power of all variables was weak. Conclusions: Our study confirms that there are no easily identifiable types of formal training or experience that predict reviewer performance. Skill in scientific peer review may be as ill defined and hard to impart as is ""common sense."" Without a better understanding of those skills, it seems unlikely journals and editors will be successful in systematically improving their selection of reviewers. This inability to predict performance makes it imperative that all but the smallest journals implement routine review ratings systems to routinely monitor the quality of their reviews (and thus the quality of the science they publish). © 2007 Callaham and Tercier."	N/A
Huang C.; Yang C.; Wang S.; Wu W.; Su J.; Liang C.	Evolution of topics in education research: a systematic review using bibliometric analysis	2020	Educational Review	10.1080/00131911.2019.1566212	Education research tends to exhibit interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary characteristics. Based on the subject areas in Google Scholar, within the 51 disciplines under social sciences, nine subjects are directly related to education (early childhood education, education, educational administration, educational psychology & counselling, educational technology, higher education, science & engineering education, special education, teaching & teacher education). The interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary characteristics of education research make it difficult for researchers to identify the overall development of specific topics within the field. In this paper, we first collect core papers from the field of education. Then, we construct keyword co-occurrence networks using these papers. Finally, based on the density distribution of keyword co-occurrence networks, we analyse changes in network density at each stage of educational research. Last, we identify the development trends of core topics in the education field. Our main contribution is the quantitative methodological design for examining the hot topics and evolution of education research, which is highly multidisciplinary and covers a large volume of publications. © 2019, © 2019 Educational Review.	bibliometrics; Education research; keyword co-occurrence network; topic evolution analysis
Klar S.; Krupnikov Y.; Ryan J.B.; Searles K.; Shmargad Y.	Using social media to promote academic research: Identifying the benefits of twitter for sharing academic work	2020	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0229446	To disseminate research, scholars once relied on university media services or journal press releases, but today any academic can turn to Twitter to share their published work with a broader audience. The possibility that scholars can push their research out, rather than hope that it is pulled in, holds the potential for scholars to draw wide attention to their research. In this manuscript, we examine whether there are systematic differences in the types of scholars who most benefit from this push model. Specifically, we investigate the extent to which there are gender differences in the dissemination of research via Twitter. We carry out our analyses by tracking tweet patterns for articles published in six journals across two fields (political science and communication), and we pair this Twitter data with demographic and educational data about the authors of the published articles, as well as article citation rates. We find considerable evidence that, overall, article citations are positively correlated with tweets about the article, and we find little evidence to suggest that author gender affects the transmission of research in this new media. © 2020 Klar et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Vijayaraghavan K.; Biswal B.K.; Adam M.G.; Soh S.H.; Tsen-Tieng D.L.; Davis A.P.; Chew S.H.; Tan P.Y.; Babovic V.; Balasubramanian R.	Bioretention systems for stormwater management: Recent advances and future prospects	2021	Journal of Environmental Management	10.1016/j.jenvman.2021.112766	Bioretention is a popular stormwater management strategy that is often utilized in urban environments to combat water quality and hydrological impacts of stormwater. This goal is achieved by selective designing of a system, which consists of suitable vegetation at the top planted on an engineered media with drainage system and possible underdrain at the bottom. Bibliometric analysis on bioretention studies indicates that most of the original research contributions are derived from a few countries and selected research groups. Hence, most of the bioretention systems installed in diverse geographical locations are based on guidelines from climatically different countries, which often lead to operational failures. The current review critically analyzes recent research findings from the bioretention literature, provides the authors’ perspectives on the current state of knowledge, highlights the key knowledge gaps in bioretention research, and points out future research directions to make further advances in the field. Specifically, the role and desired features of bioretention components, the importance of fundamental investigations in laboratory, field-based studies and modeling efforts, the real-time process control of bioretention cells, bioretention system design considerations, and life cycle assessment of full-scale bioretention systems are discussed. The importance of local conditions in guiding bioretention designs in difference climates is emphasized. At the end of the review, current technical challenges are identified and recommendations to overcome them are provided. This comprehensive review not only offers fundamental insights into bioretention technology, but also provides novel ideas to combat issues related to urban runoff and achieve sustainable stormwater management. © 2021 Elsevier Ltd	Biofiltration; Green infrastructure; Stormwater management; Urban runoff; Water quality; Water treatment
Kokol P.; Kokol M.; Zagoranski S.	Machine learning on small size samples: A synthetic knowledge synthesis	2022	Science Progress	10.1177/00368504211029777	Machine Learning is an increasingly important technology dealing with the growing complexity of the digitalised world. Despite the fact, that we live in a ‘Big data’ world where, almost ‘everything’ is digitally stored, there are many real-world situations, where researchers are still faced with small data samples. The present bibliometric knowledge synthesis study aims to answer the research question ‘What is the small data problem in machine learning and how it is solved?’ The analysis a positive trend in the number of research publications and substantial growth of the research community, indicating that the research field is reaching maturity. Most productive countries are China, United States and United Kingdom. Despite notable international cooperation, the regional concentration of research literature production in economically more developed countries was observed. Thematic analysis identified four research themes. The themes are concerned with to dimension reduction in complex big data analysis, data augmentation techniques in deep learning, data mining and statistical learning on small datasets. © The Author(s) 2022.	bibliometrics; knowledge synthesis; Machine learning; small data sets
Slater M.D.; Long M.; Bettinghaus E.P.; Reineke J.B.	News coverage of cancer in the United States: A national sample of newspapers, television, and magazines	2008	Journal of Health Communication	10.1080/10810730802279571	A content analysis of cancer news coverage in a sample of local and national newspapers, television, and magazines was conducted for the years 2002 and 2003. Analyses compared proportions of mentions of cancer sites with proportional contribution to cancer incidence and mortality based on available epidemiological estimates. Analyses also examined relative attention provided to prevention, detection, treatment, causes, and outcomes of various cancers. Results indicated that coverage reflected incidence rates more closely than they did mortality rates, but in both cases coverage under-represented the contribution of lung cancer to morbidity and mortality and over-represented the contribution of breast cancer. Of greater public health concern was the limited coverage of prevention and detection even for highly preventable or relatively easily detected cancers. Implications of findings are discussed. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.	N/A
Li Z.; Chang X.; Hu M.; Fang J.K.-H.; Sokolova I.M.; Huang W.; Xu E.G.; Wang Y.	Is microplastic an oxidative stressor? Evidence from a meta-analysis on bivalves	2022	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2021.127211	Microplastic pollution is a major threat to the marine environment attracting attention from scientific and public communities. Although we have sufficient evidence that microplastic is ubiquitous in all ecosystems, the question of the harmfulness of microplastic exposure is still under debate. Filter feeders like bivalves are commonly exposed to microplastics in water and sediments and thus can serve as excellent biological indicators for microplastic pollution. A relatively rich toxicological literature has been focusing on microplastic effects on bivalves but we have yet to reach an agreement on the toxic effects and mechanisms of microplastics. Here, we conducted a meta-analysis and bibliometrics analysis of the microplastic studies in bivalves. The bibliometric analysis (used to evaluate the general research trends) showed that the investigation of microplastic distribution in the marine environment and the molecular mechanisms of microplastic toxicity are the two major hot spots of research. Based on analyses of ecologically and environmentally relevant microplastics concentrations, particle sizes and polymer types, we discuss the physiological effects of microplastics on bivalves, and the severity and direction of the effects at the cellular, tissue, organ and organismal levels. The meta-analysis results show that microplastics can induce time-dependent oxidative stress in bivalves. Generally, the activities of antioxidant enzymes, such as glutathione peroxidase (GPx), glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) increased during short-term exposure but declined after long-term exposure to microplastics. Non-linear response of GPx, GST and SOD enzymes to MP exposure over time indicate that these enzymes are not good biomarkers of MPs effects in marine bivalves. The tissue glutathione levels and catalase (CAT activity) showed an increase during both short- and long term MP exposures and thus can be used as oxidative stress biomarkers of sublethal MPs effects in marine bivalves. © 2021 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Bivalves; Meta-analysis; Microplastics; Toxic effects
