AU	TI	PY	SO	DI	AB	DE
Deora N.; Kar S.; Pande V.; Sinha A.	75 years’ journey of malaria publications in English: what and where?	2024	Malaria Journal	10.1186/s12936-024-04992-1	Malaria has inflicted serious morbidity and mortality across the globe. The major brunt of the disease has been on African, South-East Asian and South American countries. Proportionally, malaria has attracted global research priorities and this is evident from the number of publications related to malaria from across the globe, irrespective of its endemicity. However, formal and exhaustive analyses of these ‘malaria publications’ are rarely reported. The systematic review and secondary data analyses were done to retrieve information on what has been published on malaria, where is it published, and which countries are major contributors to malaria research. The study presents malaria publications from 1945 to 2020 retrieved using three databases: Web of Science™, Embase® and Scopus®. Exported data were examined to determine the number of publications over time, their subject areas, contributions from various countries/organizations, and top publishing journals. The total number of published records on malaria ranged from 90,282 to 112,698 (due to three different databases). Based on the number of publications, USA, UK, France, and India were identified as the top four countries. Malaria Journal, American Journal of Tropical Medicine & Hygiene, and PLoS One were the most preferred journals, whereas the University of London (Institutions other than LSHTM), the National Institute of Health, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and the University of Oxford appeared to be the top contributing organization. A disproportional contribution to malaria research was observed with non-malaria endemic countries making the largest contribution. Databases differed in their output format and needed standardization to make the outputs comparable across databases. © The Author(s) 2024.	Countries; Journals; Malaria; Publications; Subject
Dang X.W.; Huang H.L.; Huang L.; Wang Y.J.	Research frontiers and hotspots of carbon nanomaterials in biomedical field over the past 10 years	2025	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.812	BACKGROUND: Research on carbon nanomaterials in the biomedical field is booming, and related scientific research results are increasing year by year. However, visualization analysis of the annual number of publications, the research status of countries, institutions, authors, and research hotspots and trends in this field is relatively scarce. OBJECTIVE: To present the research status of carbon nanomaterials in biomedical field, reveal the main research subjects, explore the research hotspots and development trends, and provide a reference for the future development of this field. METHODS: The core data set of Web of Science was used as the literature source to search the relevant researches on carbon nanomaterials in the biomedical field from 2012 to 2023. The knowledge map was generated by using Citespace software with countries, institutions, authors, keywords, and co-citations as nodes and for visualization analysis. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) A total of 2 932 papers were included in this study. In the medical field, carbon nanomaterials had a large number of papers and a fast growth rate. The United States has a large number of papers; China is an emerging force in this field, although the number of papers is the largest, but the level of research and influence need to be improved. The Chinese Academy of Sciences is the largest cooperative network institution, which mainly targets domestic institutions and lacks cooperation with well-known foreign institutions. (2) Keyword analysis displays that the green synthesis method and application of displaying carbon points have been the focus of research, followed by the new method of combining carbon nanomaterials with cancer phototherapy and immunotherapy, the key direction of future research. (3) The dynamic development trend of co-citations suggests that tissue engineering is a hot research topic of carbon nanomaterials in the field of biomedicine, mainly including the research of carbon nanomaterials for the repair and regeneration of heart and nerve tissue and as a bio-ink additive for 3D and 4D bioprinting. (4) In the future, with the development of the biomedical field in the direction of precision and treatment, researchers should speed up the creation of carbon-based systems formed by the combination of scientific and effective carbon nanomaterials with science and technology, new polymers or organic molecules, and new therapeutic methods, so as to give full play to the maximum effect of carbon nanomaterials. © 2025, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; biomedicine; biosafety; cancer; carbon nanomaterial; Citespace; co-citation; research hotspot; tissue engineering; visualization
Wang Y.; Chen L.; Zhu Y.; Fang W.; Tan Y.; He Z.; Liao H.	Research status, trends, and mechanisms of biochar adsorption for wastewater treatment: a scientometric review	2024	Environmental Sciences Europe	10.1186/s12302-024-00859-z	In the last decade, biochar application research has emerged as a hot topic in water treatment studies, which made biochar adsorption one of the primary wastewater treatment strategies. This paper presents a global bibliometric analysis of 2673 publications from the Web of Science database, spanning 2011–2022. For a comprehensive understanding of the research status and trends in biochar adsorption for wastewater treatment, the advanced quantitative and visual analysis tools (i.e., CiteSpace and ArcGIS) were employed. The results showed that China emerged as the leading country with the most published articles. The key research area is on the magnetic adsorption of biochar in wastewater. The articles summarized in the review demonstrated unequivocally that biochar can treat a wide range of wastewater even though the adsorption mechanisms of biochar on heavy metals, inorganic salts and organic pollutants in wastewater are not entirely consistent. The review further analyzes the factors affecting the performance of biochar in adsorbing pollutants from wastewater and the improvement measures of biochar functional characteristics, proposing the future research directions focusing on the improvement of the adsorption capacity of biochar products. The information synthesis and discussion would provide valuable insights on the historical, current, and future trends in biochar research, beneficial to solve the practical problems of water pollution and improve the quality of the environment. © The Author(s) 2024.	Adsorption; Biochar; CiteSpace; Pollutant; Wastewater
Huijun L.; Huangyan L.; Yeting Z.	Physical activity and cognition in older adults: research hotspot and topic evolution	2025	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2025.301	BACKGROUND: In recent years, there has been an explosion of research in the field of physical activity and cognition of older adults, and the research hotspots and topics in this field are constantly evolving. However, a comprehensive review of the literature in this field is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To explore the current international research hotspots and contents in the field of physical activity and cognition of older adults using bibliometrics. METHODS: The Web of Science Core Collection Database, including SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, A&HCI, CPCI-S, CPCI-SSH, BKCI-S, BKCI-SSH, ESCI, CCR-EXPANDED, IC, etc., was searched for relevant literature in English. CiteSpace software was used to visualize and analyze 2593 documents collected in the Web of Science database. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The evolution of the topics of physical activity and cognition of older adults includes five stages: research on companion robots for older adults, research on the risk of diseases such as dementia, research on cognitive ability and its related ability, research on the relationship between physical activity level and cognitive ability in older adults, and research on different intervention methods and their mechanisms. The research in this field tends to be diversified. On the basis of the research on diseases and cognitive risk reduction, more attention has been paid to the effects of different physical activity modalities on cognition and the related mechanisms, which is the current research hotspot and will be the main research trend in the future. © 2025, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; cognition; older adults; physical activity
Zhang H.; Xin H.; Zhao M.; Bi C.; Xiao Y.; Li Y.; Qin C.	Global research trends on the relationship between IBD and CRC: a bibliometric analysis from 2000 to 2023	2024	Journal of Health, Population and Nutrition	10.1186/s41043-024-00577-5	Objective: This study aimed to conduct a bibliometric analysis of research articles on the relationship between inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and colorectal cancer (CRC) using CiteSpace to summarize the current research status, hotspots, and trends in this field and present the results visually. Method: Research articles on the relationship between IBD and CRC published from 2000 to 2023 and in English were selected from the Web of Science Core Collection (Woscc) database. The articles were downloaded as “full record and references”. CiteSpace was used to conduct cooperative, cluster, co-citation, and burst analyses. Results: The literature search revealed 4244 articles; of which, 5 duplicates were removed, resulting in the inclusion of 4239 articles in this study. The United States of America had the highest number of publications, with Mayo Clinic and Harvard University being the most active institutions, and Bas Oldenburg being the most active author. Collaboration among core authors was inadequate. JA Eaden was the most cited author, and CRC was the most common keyword. Burst analysis indicated that Sun Yat-sen University might be one of the institutions with a large contribution to this research field in the future. Cluster analysis showed that earlier research focused more on microsatellite instability, whereas “gut microbiota” and “oxidative stress” are considered current research hotspots and trends. Conclusion: At present, the primary focus areas of research are “gut microbiota” and “oxidative stress”. With the improvement of healthcare policies and standards, regular endoscopic monitoring of patients with IBD has become an indispensable diagnostic and therapeutic practice. More drugs will be developed to reduce the risk of progression from IBD to CRC. The findings of this study provide valuable insights into the relationship between IBD and CRC for researchers in the same field. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric; CiteSpace; CRC; IBD; WoSCC
Gu Z.; Liu Y.	A bibliometric and visualized in oral microbiota and cancer research from 2013 to 2022	2024	Discover Oncology	10.1007/s12672-024-00878-5	Numerous studies have highlighted the implication of oral microbiota in various cancers. However, no bibliometric analysis has been conducted on the relationship between oral microbiota and cancer. This bibliometric analysis aimed to identify the research hotspots in oral microbiota and cancer research, as well as predict future research trends. The literature published relating to oral microbiota and cancer was searched from the Web of Science Core Collection database (WoSCC) from 2013 to 2022. VOSviewer or Citespace software was used to perform the bibliometric analysis, focusing on countries, institutions, authors, journals, keywords and references. A total of 1516 publications were included in the analysis. The number of publications related oral microbiota and cancer increased annually, reaching its peak in 2022 with 287 papers. The United States (456) and China (370) were the countries with the most publications and made significant contributions to the field. Sears CL and Zhou XD were the most productive authors. The high frequency of keywords revealed key topics, including cancer (colorectal cancer, oral cancer), oral microbiota (Fusobacterium nucleatum, Porphyromonas gingivalis), and inflammation (periodontal disease). The latest trend keywords were F. nucleatum, dysbiosis, prognosis, tumor microenvironment, gastric microbiota, complications and survival, suggesting a new hotspot in the field of oral microbiota and cancer. Our study provides a comprehensive analysis of oral microbiota and cancer research, revealing an increase in publications in recent years. Future research directions will continue to focus on the diversity of oral microbiota impacted by cancers and the underlying mechanism connecting them, providing new ideas for targeted therapy of tumorigenesis. © 2024, The Author(s).	Bibliometric analysis; Cancer; Oral microbiota; VOSviewer; WoSCC
Astudillo Potes M.D.; Bauman M.M.J.; Shoushtari A.; Winter B.M.; Singh R.; Rahmani R.; Catapano J.; Lawton M.T.	Elucidating the pathogenesis behind arteriovenous malformations of the central nervous system: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Neurosurgical Review	10.1007/s10143-024-02367-3	Arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) are vascular malformations of the central nervous system (CNS) with potential for significant consequences. The exact pathophysiologic mechanism of AVM formation is not fully understood. This study aims to evaluate bibliometric parameters and citations of the literature of AVMs to provide an overview of how the field has evolved. We performed an electronic search on Web of Science to identify the top 100 published and indexed articles with the highest number of citations discussing the pathogenesis of AVMs. This study yielded 1863 articles, of which the top 100 were selected based on the highest total citation count. These articles included 24% basic science, 46% clinical, and 30% review articles. The most-cited article was a clinical article from 2003, and the most recent was published in 2022. The median number of authors was 6, with the highest being 46 for a clinical article. The top 5 journals were identified, with the highest impact factor being 20.1. 13 countries were identified, with the US contributing the most articles (approximately 70%). Regarding genes of investigation, VEGF was one of the early genes investigated, while more interested in RAS/MAPK has been garnered since 2015. There is a growing interest in AVM genomics and pathogenesis research. While progress has been made in understanding clinical aspects and risk factors, the exact pathophysiological mechanisms and genetic basis of AVM formation remain incompletely understood. Further investigation of key genes in AVM pathogenesis can allow identification of potential therapeutic targets. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Arteriovenous malformations; AVM; Bibliometric analysis; Pathogenesis
Andersen M.Z.; Zeinert P.; Rosenberg J.; Fonnes S.	Comparative analysis of Cochrane and non-Cochrane reviews over three decades	2024	Systematic Reviews	10.1186/s13643-024-02531-2	Background: Systematic reviews are viewed as the best study design to guide clinical decision-making as they are the least biased publications assuming they are well-conducted and include well-designed studies. Cochrane was initiated in 1993 with an aim of conducting high-quality systematic reviews. We aimed to examine the publication rates of non-Cochrane systematic reviews (henceforth referred to simply as “systematic reviews”) and Cochrane reviews produced throughout Cochrane’s existence and characterize changes throughout the period. Methods: This observational study collected data on systematic reviews published between 1993 and 2022 in PubMed. Identified Cochrane reviews were linked to data from the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews via their Digital Object Identifier. Systematic reviews and Cochrane reviews were analyzed separately. Two authors screened a random sample of records to validate the overall sample, providing a precision of 98%. Results: We identified 231,602 (94%) systematic reviews and 15,038 (6%) Cochrane reviews. Publication of systematic reviews has continuously increased with a median yearly increase rate of 26%, while publication of Cochrane reviews has decreased since 2015. From 1993 to 2002, Cochrane reviews constituted 35% of all systematic reviews in PubMed compared with 3.5% in 2013–2022. Systematic reviews consistently had fewer authors than Cochrane reviews, but the number of authors increased over time for both. Chinese first authors conducted 15% and 4% of systematic reviews published from 2013–2022 and 2003–2012, respectively. Most Cochrane reviews had first authors from the UK (36%). The native English-speaking countries the USA, the UK, Canada, and Australia produced a large share of systematic reviews (42%) and Cochrane reviews (62%). The largest publishers of systematic reviews in the last 10 years were gold open access journals. Conclusions: Publication of systematic reviews is increasing rapidly, while fewer Cochrane reviews have been published through the last decade. Native English-speaking countries produced a large proportion of both types of systematic reviews. Gold open access journals and Chinese first authors dominated the publication of systematic reviews for the past 10 years. More research is warranted examining why fewer Cochrane reviews are being published. Additionally, examining these systematic reviews for research waste metrics may provide a clearer picture of their utility. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Cochrane; Evidence-based medicine; Information science; Systematic review
Wang R.; Huang S.; Wang P.; Shi X.; Li S.; Ye Y.; Zhang W.; Shi L.; Zhou X.; Tang X.	Bibliometric analysis of the application of deep learning in cancer from 2015 to 2023	2024	Cancer Imaging	10.1186/s40644-024-00737-0	Background: Recently, the application of deep learning (DL) has made great progress in various fields, especially in cancer research. However, to date, the bibliometric analysis of the application of DL in cancer is scarce. Therefore, this study aimed to explore the research status and hotspots of the application of DL in cancer. Methods: We retrieved all articles on the application of DL in cancer from the Web of Science database Core Collection database. Biblioshiny, VOSviewer and CiteSpace were used to perform the bibliometric analysis through analyzing the numbers, citations, countries, institutions, authors, journals, references, and keywords. Results: We found 6,016 original articles on the application of DL in cancer. The number of annual publications and total citations were uptrend in general. China published the greatest number of articles, USA had the highest total citations, and Saudi Arabia had the highest centrality. Chinese Academy of Sciences was the most productive institution. Tian, Jie published the greatest number of articles, while He Kaiming was the most co-cited author. IEEE Access was the most popular journal. The analysis of references and keywords showed that DL was mainly used for the prediction, detection, classification and diagnosis of breast cancer, lung cancer, and skin cancer. Conclusions: Overall, the number of articles on the application of DL in cancer is gradually increasing. In the future, further expanding and improving the application scope and accuracy of DL applications, and integrating DL with protein prediction, genomics and cancer research may be the research trends. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Cancer; CiteSpace; Deep learning; Imaging; VOSviewer
Rivero-Moreno Y.; Rodríguez-Rodríguez M.; Machado-Paled D.; Echevarria S.; Pouwels S.; Abou-Mrad A.; Oviedo R.	Robotic surgery across Latin America: a bibliometric analysis of research trends from 2009 to 2022	2024	Journal of Robotic Surgery	10.1007/s11701-024-01865-2	The rise of robotic surgery throughout the world, particularly in Latin America, justifies an objective evaluation of research in this field. This study aimed to use bibliometric techniques to identify the research trends and patterns of robotic surgery in Latin America. The research strategy used the terms “Robotic,” “Surgery,” and the name of all the Latin American countries, in all fields and collections of Web of Science database. Only original articles published between 2009 and 2022 were included. The software Rayyan, Bibliometric in the R Studio, and VOSViewer were used to develop the analyses. After screening, 96 articles were included from 60 different journals. There was a 22.51% annual increase in the scientific production of robotic surgery in the period studied. The more frequent topics by specialty were: Urology (35.4%), General Surgery (34.4%), and Obstetrics and Gynecology (12%). International cooperation was observed in 65.62% of the studies. The Latin American institution with the highest production of manuscripts was the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. Mexico, Chile, and Brazil were, in descending order, the nations with the highest number of corresponding authors and total citations. When considering the total number of articles, Brazil ranked ahead of Chile. Scientific production regarding robotic surgery in Latin America has experienced accelerated growth since its beginning, supported by the high degree of collaboration with leading countries in the field. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Latin America; Robotic surgery
Owen G.S.; Harmon K.A.; Sullivan G.A.; Petit H.J.; Westrick J.; Cameron J.R.; Gulack B.C.; Shah A.N.	Methods of measurement for pneumothorax in pediatric patients: a systematic review	2024	Pediatric Surgery International	10.1007/s00383-024-05640-0	Accurate measurement of pneumothorax (PTX) size is necessary to guide clinical decision making; however, there is no consensus as to which method should be used in pediatric patients. This systematic review seeks to identify and evaluate the methods used to measure PTX size with CXR in pediatric patients. A systematic review of the literature through 2021 following Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) was conducted using the following databases: Ovid/MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane Database of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Google Scholar. Original research articles that included pediatric patients (< 18 years old) and outlined the PTX measurement method were included. 45 studies were identified and grouped by method (Kircher and Swartzel, Rhea, Light, Collins, Other) and societal guideline used. The most used method was Collins (n = 16; 35.6%). Only four (8.9%) studies compared validated methods. All found the Collins method to be accurate. Seven (15.6%) studies used a standard classification guideline and 3 (6.7%) compared guidelines and found significant disagreement between them. Pediatric-specific measurement guidelines for PTX are needed to establish consistency and uniformity in both research and clinical practice. Until there is a better method, the Collins method is preferred. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Chest X-ray; Collins method; Measurement; Pneumothorax; Systematic review
Xu C.; Song Z.; Hu J.-Y.; Li C.-C.; Shen H.	Global research trend and hotspot in the low FODMAP diet: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Health, Population and Nutrition	10.1186/s41043-024-00567-7	The low FODMAP diet is the most recommended dietary intervention for the clinical management of IBS symptoms. Bibliometrics analysis provides a comprehensive perspective and direction on global research trend and hotspot in the low FODMAP diet research. The restriction stage of the low FODMAP diet is superior to other dietary therapies for IBS in terms of symptom response, but it has a negative impact on the abundance of gut Bifidobacteria and diet quality. Identification of biomarkers to predict response to the low FODMAP diet has become the current research hotspot. Large, well-designed clinical research studies are needed in the future to investigate the long-term efficacy and safety of the low FODMAP diet, including FODMAP reintroduction and personalization stages. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Dietary management strategy; FODMAP; Hotspots; Irritable bowel syndrome; Low FODMAP diet
Zyoud S.H.	Analyzing global research trends and focal points of laser hair removal from 1997 to 2023: visualization and bibliometric analysis	2024	Lasers in Medical Science	10.1007/s10103-024-04123-x	[No abstract available]	N/A
Wen C.; Shen G.; Fang C.; Tian L.	Insight into the research history and trends of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Cardiothoracic Surgery	10.1186/s13019-024-02787-8	Background: Total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) is a rare congenital heart disease characterized by the inability of all pulmonary veins to connect to the left atrium. Our previous bibliometric article summarized the characteristics of only the 100 most cited papers in TAPVC research. The purpose of this study was to use comprehensive bibliometric analysis to examine the development history, current status, and future trends in the field of TAPVC. Methods: All publications on TAPVC published between 2000 and 2023 were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection. The publication and citation data were quantitatively analyzed by publication year, country, institution, author, and journal. Co-authorship and co-occurrence analyses were performed using VOSviewer, and keyword and reference bursts were identified using CiteSpace. Pearson’s test was used to examine the correlations between two continuous variables. Results: As of July 20, 2023, we identified 368 publications with 3320 citations. These publications were published in 132 journals and authored by 1835 researchers from 457 institutions in 47 countries. For the number of publications, the top country, top institution, top author, and top journals were the United States (n = 82), Shanghai Jiao Tong University (n = 13), Huiwen Chen (n = 9), and Annals of Thoracic Surgery and Pediatric Cardiology (n = 29 each), respectively. For the number of citations, the top country, top affiliation, top author, and top journal were the United States (n = 1348), University of Toronto (n = 250), Christopher A. Caldarone (n = 315), and Annals of Thoracic Surgery (n = 746), respectively. The number of national publications significantly correlated with GDP (R = 0.887, P < 0.001), research & development (R&D) expenditure (R = 0.375, P = 0.013), population (R = 0.694, P < 0.001), and journals (R = 0.751, P < 0.001). The number of national citations significantly correlated with GDP (R = 0.881, P < 0.001), R&D expenditure (R = 0.446, P = 0.003), population (R = 0.305, P = 0.037), and journals (R = 0.917, P < 0.001). International collaboration in the field of TAPVC was not well developed. The most commonly cited publication discussed era changes in mortality and reoperation rate in TAPVC patients. The most common keywords were “total anomalous pulmonary venous connection” and “congenital heart disease”. The keyword “case report” appeared most recently, with an average occurrence year of 2021.8. The co-occurrence analysis grouped 26 keywords into six themes: surgical repair of TAPVC, postoperative pulmonary vein stenosis, surgical repair of TAPVC patients with heterotaxy, application of echocardiography in diagnosing TAPVC, application of echocardiography in the prenatal diagnosis of TAPVC, and application of the sutureless technique in the surgical repair of TAPVC patients with right atrial isomerism or a single ventricle. Citation burst detection identified 32 references with citation bursts, seven of which had ongoing citation bursts until 2023. Conclusions: This study conducted a bibliometric analysis to provide a comprehensive overview of TAPVC research. We hope to offer new ideas for promoting development in the field of TAPVC. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Hot spot; Research progress; Total anomalous pulmonary venous connection; VOSViewer
Xing M.; Li Z.; Cui Y.; He M.; Xing Y.; Yang L.; Liu Z.; Luo L.; Wang H.; Guo R.	Antibody–drug conjugates for breast cancer: a bibliometric study and clinical trial analysis	2024	Discover Oncology	10.1007/s12672-024-01192-w	Background: Breast cancer (BC) remains the most commonly malignancy among women worldwide. Although early-stage BC typically presents with curative possibilities, advanced-stage disease, especially with metastasis, is significantly limited in terms of effective therapeutic interventions, thereby establishing it as the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women. Antibody–Drug Conjugates (ADCs) establish a groundbreaking class of anti-neoplastic agents characterized by high specificity and targeting precision. These agents have been significant in reshaping the therapeutic approach to breast cancer, especially those subtypes with overexpression of the Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2). Comprising monoclonal antibodies, cytotoxic payloads, and conjugative linkers, ADCs function by specifically targeting antigens on cancer cells, thereby facilitating the intracellular delivery of the toxic payload. The present investigation endeavors to synthesize existing primary research outcomes through rigorous bibliometric and data analytical approaches, thereby elucidating the current research landscape, delineating research foci, and identifying potential avenues for future innovation. Methods: For bibliometric analysis, a comprehensive data set comprising 2181 entries related to ADCs in breast cancer was retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) spanning the years 1999 to 2023. This data was further filtered from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded). Analysis software tools such as CiteSpace and VOSviewer were employed for multifaceted analyses such as trends of publications, contributions of countries, and burst analytics. In the dimension of clinical trials, we interrogated databases including ClinicalTrials.gov (https://www.clinicaltrials.gov) and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (https://trialsearch.who.int). A total of 239 clinical trials were initially sourced, among which, 175 were from ClinicalTrials.gov and 64 from ICTRP. After repetitive and correlation-based screening, 119 trials specifically addressing ADC therapeutic strategies in breast cancer were included. Analytical algorithms were executed using Microsoft-based software to evaluate treatment paradigms, emergent research themes, and progress. Results: Our investigations signify a growing trend of research on ADCs, with consistent advancements in scientific achievements. The analysis revealed that variables such as economic stratification of nations, healthcare investment paradigms, and disease incidence rates serve as significant determinants in shaping research output. Geographically, the United States emerged as the predominant contributor to the research corpus (36.56%), closely followed by China (21.33%). The underpinning of research accomplishments was found to be significantly bolstered by advancements in molecular biology, immunology, and genetic research. Moreover, the advent of nuclear magnetic resonance diagnostic modalities has contributed saliently to the diagnostic and therapeutic management of breast cancer. Conclusion: Our study provides a comprehensive overview of the ADC research landscape through rigorous bibliometric and clinical trial evaluations. At present, the ADC arena has witnessed the successful development and FDA approval of 14 distinct agents, substantially improving the clinical outcomes for a broad spectrum of oncological patients. Future research imperatives may include the exploration of ADCs targeting mutated oncoproteins, dual-specificity ADCs, combination payload strategies, peptide-drug conjugates (PDCs), and non-internalizing ADC modalities. With sustained academic and clinical focus, the ADC domain is poised for transformative advancements in targeted therapeutics across a variety of malignancies. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Song H.; Zhang Y.; Gu N.; Zhi X.; Wang W.	Visualization analysis of artificial intelligence in bone trauma research based on Citespace	2025	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2025.129	BACKGROUND: The development of artificial intelligence in the medical field is rapidly advancing, with increasing research on its applications in the field of bone trauma. Through bibliometric analysis, this paper analyzed the research hotspots of artificial intelligence in the field of bone trauma in recent years, and predicted the future research trend. OBJECTIVE: To summarize the development history, research status, hot spots, and future development trends of artificial intelligence technology in the field of bone trauma to provide new insights for future research. METHODS: This study selected relevant literature from the Web of Science core database, covering the period from the inception to August 2023, and retrieved 420 articles related to the application of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning in the field of bone trauma. After manual screening, 202 articles related to this article were exported, and Citespace software was used for visual analysis of cooperation of countries, institutions, cited journals, citation analysis, keyword co-occurrence, and other aspects. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) The overall number of publications from the 202 selected articles showed an upward trend, indicating significant research potential for future studies. The country with the highest centrality and the highest publication volume was the United States. The University of California (USA) was the most prolific research institution. (2) The top five most commonly used keywords in bone trauma research using artificial intelligence were deep learning, artificial intelligence, bone density, machine learning, and diagnosis. The keyword with the highest centrality was bone density, and the keyword with the highest frequency was deep learning. (3) The top 10 most cited reference papers provided comprehensive insights into the feasibility of applying artificial intelligence techniques to the diagnosis of bone trauma from various perspectives. Among them, eight papers focused on bone and joint injuries and deep convolutional neural networks. One paper discussed the use of deep learning in detecting osteoporosis in CT scans to prevent fragility fractures, while another paper explored the correlation between the application of artificial intelligence in identifying changes in skin texture and the recognition of bone characteristics. (4) In the future, the research hotspots of artificial intelligence will mainly focus on the specific study of fractures caused by bone and joint trauma and osteoporosis. The research trend mainly focuses on improving the performance of artificial intelligence algorithms, using new artificial intelligence technologies to accurately classify and quickly and efficiently diagnose bone injuries, especially for the diagnosis of complex and hidden fractures. By establishing finite element analysis models, more standardized evaluations of bone injuries can be achieved. © 2025, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	artificial intelligence; bibliometrics; bone trauma; Citespace; deep learning; fractures; imaging diagnosis; machine learning; visualization analysis; Web of Science
Gande S.; Gould M.; Ganti L.	Bibliometric analysis of ChatGPT in medicine	2024	International Journal of Emergency Medicine	10.1186/s12245-024-00624-2	Introduction: The emergence of artificial intelligence (AI) chat programs has opened two distinct paths, one enhancing interaction and another potentially replacing personal understanding. Ethical and legal concerns arise due to the rapid development of these programs. This paper investigates academic discussions on AI in medicine, analyzing the context, frequency, and reasons behind these conversations. Methods: The study collected data from the Web of Science database on articles containing the keyword “ChatGPT” published from January to September 2023, resulting in 786 medically related journal articles. The inclusion criteria were peer-reviewed articles in English related to medicine. Results: The United States led in publications (38.1%), followed by India (15.5%) and China (7.0%). Keywords such as “patient” (16.7%), “research” (12%), and “performance” (10.6%) were prevalent. The Cureus Journal of Medical Science (11.8%) had the most publications, followed by the Annals of Biomedical Engineering (8.3%). August 2023 had the highest number of publications (29.3%), with significant growth between February to March and April to May. Medical General Internal (21.0%) was the most common category, followed by Surgery (15.4%) and Radiology (7.9%). Discussion: The prominence of India in ChatGPT research, despite lower research funding, indicates the platform’s popularity and highlights the importance of monitoring its use for potential medical misinformation. China’s interest in ChatGPT research suggests a focus on Natural Language Processing (NLP) AI applications, despite public bans on the platform. Cureus’ success in publishing ChatGPT articles can be attributed to its open-access, rapid publication model. The study identifies research trends in plastic surgery, radiology, and obstetric gynecology, emphasizing the need for ethical considerations and reliability assessments in the application of ChatGPT in medical practice. Conclusion: ChatGPT’s presence in medical literature is growing rapidly across various specialties, but concerns related to safety, privacy, and accuracy persist. More research is needed to assess its suitability for patient care and implications for non-medical use. Skepticism and thorough review of research are essential, as current studies may face retraction as more information emerges. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Uzun H.; Akça G.; Sönmez B.; Orman E.; Kaçan Y.; Dil E.	The evolving landscape of publishing in human reproduction: an analysis of scientometric data, open-access publishing, and article processing charges	2024	Middle East Fertility Society Journal	10.1186/s43043-024-00198-2	Background: This bibliometric study aims to examine the associations of journals in the field of human reproduction with their access types and article processing charges to evaluate the evolving landscape of publishing in human reproduction. Methods: The primary databases, including Clarivate Analytics Master Journal List, Scopus®, PubMed, and Directory of Open Access Journals, were scrutinized to identify pertinent journals within the realm of human reproduction, utilizing keywords such as reproductive, reproduction, fertility, and infertility. Journals were excluded if they were not actively publishing in English or primarily focused on reproductive health, men’s health, sexual medicine, embryogenesis, developmental biology, or veterinary medicine concerning animal reproduction. A thorough characterization of the journals was conducted, followed by a comparative analysis of citation metrics and article processing charges across various access models. Results: Forty-one journals were included into the study. A significant increase in the proportion of gold and diamond open-access journals was observed, rising from 42% (13 out of 31) to 53.6% (22 out of 41) by 2023. Hybrid journals demonstrated superior citation metrics compared to diamond open-access journals. For hybrid journals, a statistically significant, moderately positive correlation was found between article processing charges and CiteScore (rs (27) = 0.515, p <.024). Conversely, no correlation was observed between article processing charges and CiteScore for gold open-access journals (rs (27) = 0.445, p = 0.147). The mean article processing charges for all hybrid and gold open-access journals were calculated as US $3032.88 ± 1108.514 (312 to 4430). Specifically, the mean article processing charges for hybrid journals (US $3617.4 ± 610.19) were significantly higher than those for gold open-access journals (US $1916.82 ± 988.32), with a difference of 1700.658 (95% CI: 1124.861–2276.455), t (30) = 6.032, and p <.0005. Conclusion: Hybrid journals in the field of human reproduction carry fees nearly twice as high as those of gold open-access journals. The charging policies of gold open-access journals, which are not contigent upon citation metrics, emphasize the importance of caution for both authors and funders. © The Author(s) 2024.	Article processing charge; Cost; Metrics; Open access
Long Y.; Zhao S.; Tang X.; Yu Q.; Gao F.; Liu J.; Wang Y.; Zhou Y.; Yi H.	Research status and prospect of purification technology of sulfur-containing odor gas	2025	Journal of Environmental Sciences (China)	10.1016/j.jes.2023.10.034	Catalytic purification of sulphur-containing malodorous gases has attracted wide attention because of its advantages of high purification efficiency, low energy consumption and lack of secondary pollution. The selection of efficient catalysts is the key to the problem, while the preparation and optimisation of catalysts depend on the analysis of experimental results and in-depth mechanistic analysis. By analysing the published literature, bibliometric analysis can identify existing research hotspots, the areas of interest and predict development trends, which can help to identify hot catalysts in the catalytic purification of sulphur-containing odours and to investigate their catalytic purification mechanisms. Therefore, this paper uses bibliometric analysis, based on Web Of Science and CNKI databases, CiteSpace and VOS viewer software to collate and analyse the literature on the purification of sulphur-containing odour pollutants, to identify the current research hotspots, to summarise the progress of research on the catalytic purification of different types of sulphur-containing odours, and to analyse their reaction mechanisms and kinetics. On this basis, the research progress of catalytic purification of different kinds of sulfur odour is summarized, and the reaction mechanism and dynamics are summarized. © 2023	Bibliometric; Catalytic decomposition; Catalytic oxidation; Sulphur-containing odor gases
Li Z.-Q.; Wang X.-F.; Liu J.-P.	Publication Trends and Hot Spots of ChatGPT’s Application in the Medicine	2024	Journal of Medical Systems	10.1007/s10916-024-02074-y	This study aimed to analyze the current landscape of ChatGPT application in the medical field, assessing the current collaboration patterns and research topic hotspots to understand the impact and trends. By conducting a search in the Web of Science, we collected literature related to the applications of ChatGPT in medicine, covering the period from January 1, 2000 up to January 16, 2024. Bibliometric analyses were performed using CiteSpace (V6.2., Drexel University, PA, USA) and Microsoft Excel (Microsoft Corp.,WA, USA) to map the collaboration among countries/regions, the distribution of institutions and authors, and clustering of keywords. A total of 574 eligible articles were included, with 97.74% published in 2023. These articles span various disciplines, particularly in Health Care Sciences Services, with extensive international collaboration involving 73 countries. In terms of countries/regions studied, USA, India, and China led in the number of publications. USA ot only published nearly half of the total number of papers but also exhibits a highest collaborative capability. Regarding the co-occurrence of institutions and scholars, the National University of Singapore and Harvard University held significant influence in the cooperation network, with the top three authors in terms of publications being Wiwanitkit V (10 articles), Seth I (9 articles), Klang E (7 articles), and Kleebayoon A (7 articles). Through keyword clustering, the study identified 9 research theme clusters, among which “digital health”was not only the largest in scale but also had the most citations. The study highlights ChatGPT’s cross-disciplinary nature and collaborative research in medicine, showcasing its growth potential, particularly in digital health and clinical decision support. Future exploration should examine the socio-economic and cultural impacts of this trend, along with ChatGPT’s specific technical uses in medical practice. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; ChatGPT; Citespace; Clustering analysis
Cruz K.L.T.; Santos I.C.S.; de Jesus Alves de Baptista C.R.; Mattiello-Sverzut A.C.	Quality of life assessment instruments in children and adolescents with neuromuscular diseases: a systematic scoping review	2024	Health and Quality of Life Outcomes	10.1186/s12955-024-02232-3	Objective: (1) To identify instruments used to assess quality of life (QoL) in children and adolescents with neuromuscular diseases; (2) To identify the psychometric properties contained in these instruments. Methods: This is a scoping review in which the electronic databases Embase, Scielo, Scopus, Pubmed and Lilacs were used as well as grey literature. The following terms were used in the search for articles published in the last 10 years: children, adolescents, neuromuscular disease, and quality of life. Results: In total, 15 articles were included and evaluated, indicating 7 instruments used to assess QoL (PedsQL™ Inventory 3.0 Neuromuscular Module, the PedsQL™ 4.0, the PedsQL DMD Module, the PedsQL ™ MFS, the SOLE, the KIDSCREEN and the LSI-A). The number of items ranged from 17 to 45. In addition, 6 instruments showed psychometric properties, but only 2 showed good and high quality, either in internal reliability or reproducibility. Conclusion: Our results were able to map the main QoL assessment instruments of children and adolescents with neuromuscular disease and the most cited instrument was the PedsQL™ Inventory 3.0 Neuromuscular Module. Larger studies that assess psychometric properties and that are validated for most diseases are needed. © The Author(s) 2024.	Children; Health-related quality of life; HRQOL; Neuromuscular disease
Tao X.; Wang G.; Wei W.; Su J.; Chen X.; Shi M.; Liao Y.; Qin T.; Wu Y.; Lu B.; Liang H.; Ye L.; Jiang J.	A bibliometric analysis of m6A methylation in viral infection from 2000 to 2022	2024	Virology Journal	10.1186/s12985-024-02294-1	Background: N6-methyladenosine (m6A) methylation has become an active research area in viral infection, while little bibliometric analysis has been performed. In this study, we aim to visualize hotspots and trends using bibliometric analysis to provide a comprehensive and objective overview of the current research dynamics in this field. Methods: The data related to m6A methylation in viral infection were obtained through the Web of Science Core Collection form 2000 to 2022. To reduce bias, the literature search was conducted on December 1, 2022. Bibliometric and visual analyzes were performed using CiteSpace and Bibliometrix package. After screening, 319 qualified records were retrieved. Results: These publications mainly came from 28 countries led by China and the United States (the US), with the US ranking highest in terms of total link strength.The most common keywords were m6A, COVID-19, epitranscriptomics, METTL3, hepatitis B virus, innate immunity and human immunodeficiency virus 1. The thematic map showed that METTL3, plant viruses, cancer progression and type I interferon (IFN-I) reflected a good development trend and might become a research hotspot in the future, while post-transcriptional modification, as an emerging or declining theme, might not develop well. Conclusions: In conclusion, m6A methylation in viral infection is an increasingly important topic in articles. METTL3, plant viruses, cancer progression and IFN-I may still be research hotspots and trends in the future. © 2024, The Author(s).	Bibliometric analysis; Data visualization; Methylation; N6-methyladenosine; Viral infection
Yiming S.; Xinming Y.; Liqun C.; Aining L.	Bibliometric analysis of vertigo-related histopathology, vestibular rehabilitation, physical rehabilitation, and Chinese and Western medical treatments	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.839	BACKGROUND: Vertigo is closely related to clinical neurological disorders. When neurons are damaged or dead, it may lead to abnormalities in the vestibular system and trigger vertigo symptoms. Therefore, it is necessary to explore and analyze the hotspots related to vertigo that are common in clinical neurology. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the vertigo-related histopathological changes in clinical neurology and the research hotspots worldwide using bibliometric methods. METHODS: The WanFang database and Web of Science core set database were searched by the first author to retrieve the research-related literature published from 2014-2023 on the treatment of common vertigo in clinical neurology. A bibliometric analysis of the number of publications, country/region, institution, keywords, co-cited literature, and highly cited literature was peformed using VOSviewer_1.6.19 software to summarize the research hotspots in this research field. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Web of Science core set database had the highest number of 174 publications in this field in 2022, and WanFang database had the highest number of 133 publications in this field in 2020. The top 3 countries with the highest number of publications are the United States, Germany, and China. The University of Munich, Germany is the international institution with the highest number of publications in this field, while Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine is the Chinese institution with the highest number of publications in this field. The results of keyword analysis showed that the research hotspot diseases in this field in China are mainly Meniere’s disease, cervical vertigo, senile vertigo, benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, isolated vertigo, and hypertensive vertigo, and the treatments include acupuncture, rehabilitation, medication (gastrodin, Banxia Baizhu Tianma Tang), and manipulative reduction. International research hotspot diseases in this field mainly include benign paroxysmal positional vertigo, vestibular disorders in new coronavirus cases, Meniere’s disease, vestibular schwannoma, acoustic neuromas, and vestibular migraines, etc., and the hotspot treatments are antivertiginous medications, antidepressant and anxiolytic treatments, and microsurgery. The results of literature co-citation analysis showed that for acute vestibular syndrome with persistent vertigo as the main symptom, three-step bedside ophthalmoscopy (HINTS: Head-Impact-Nystagmus-Strabismus Test) is more sensitive than early MRI in the diagnosis of combined strokes in patients with acute vestibular syndrome, which is the most peer-recognized method of detecting strokes in vestibular syndrome, whereas hormonal therapy is more effective to treat vestibular neuritis patients with paroxysmal vertigo as the main symptom. The results of highly cited literature analysis showed that, in the hot literature included in WanFang database in the past 10 years, acupuncture at Fengchi point and the acupuncture method of inducing resuscitation to improve posterior circulation ischemic vertigo have achieved certain results. The literature published in the past 3 years has indicated that Ginkgo biloba leaf extract+gastrodin, acupuncture+Banxia Baizhu Tang, betahistine+gastrodin, vestibular rehabilitation training+Epley Maneuver, all can improve the vertigo symptoms to different degrees. While there were no featured anti-vertigo drugs indicated in the literature in the Web of Science core set data in the recent 10 years, and most of them are based on traditional anti-vertigo drugs and microsurgery. However, there are a few case reports in the international literature in the last 3 years that found that COVID-19 infection may lead to vestibular neuritis and vertigo symptoms. The onset and progression of vertigo may be closely related to neuronal damage and regeneration. For example, viral infections, inflammatory stimuli, or other pathologic factors may lead to neuronal damage or death, thereby affecting the function of the vestibular system. Vertigo-related diagnosis and treatment standardization guidelines have been published both domestically and internationally. Currently, international guidelines recommend the combination of vestibular rehabilitation and physical rehabilitation for the treatment of vertigo, and Chinese guidelines recommend the combination of Chinese and Western medicine, reduction and acupuncture. However, the level of evidence is not very high, so a large number of large-sample, multicenter randomized controlled trials on anti-vertigo treatment are needed in the future. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	acupuncture; benign paroxysmal positional vertigo; drug; Meniere’s disease; migraine headache; nerve; rehabilitation; vertigo; vestibule
Liang J.; Luo Y.; Yang Y.; Xie H.; Huang Z.; Zhong M.; Zhu W.	Global overview of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction in children and adolescents over the past 20 years: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Orthopaedic Surgery and Research	10.1186/s13018-024-04829-2	Objectives: The objectives of this paper is to conduct a bibliometric analysis to examine the research status and development trend of anterior cruciate ligament injury and reconstruction in children and adolescents over the past 20 years. Design: Descriptive Research. Methods: This study obtained information regarding studies on Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction in Children and Adolescents from the Web of Science Core Collection database. Visual and bibliometric analysis were conducted using VOSviewer, Origin 2022, Pajek64 5.18and Excel 2019. These analytic tools facilitated the analysis of various aspects, including countries/regions, institutions, authors, journals and keywords related to the research. Results: From 2003 to 2023, a total of 1328 articles were retrieved in WOS, and 637 articles were selected by two authors. The most productive institutions are Childrens Hosp Philadelphia, Kocher, ms. Their articles have the highest number of publications and citations. The American journal of sports medicine is the most frequently cited journal for articles on anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction in children and adolescents. The most common keywords used in these articles were “anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction”, “injury, children, adolescent”, and “skeletally immature patients”. Conclusions: This study provides valuable insights into the research focus of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction in children and adolescents. In recent years, there has been significant attention paid to areas of “the return to sport, re-repture rate and functional recovery after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction” in this specific population. These aspects have emerged as key directions for future research in this field. © The Author(s) 2024.	Adolescents; Anterior cruciate ligament; Bibliometrics; Children; Web of science
Uranbey O.; Kaygisiz O.F.; Ayrancı F.; Yanik S.	Exploring the evolution of facial feminization and masculinization surgery: a bibliometric analysis and visualization study	2024	Maxillofacial Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery	10.1186/s40902-024-00424-x	Background: This study aims to conduct a bibliometric analysis of the current literature related to facial feminization surgery (FFS) and facial masculinization surgery (FMS) to understand the patterns, trends, and evolution of research topics. In addition, it aims to objectively identify the important articles that constitute the primary backbone of the FFS/FMS literature and provide a resource for education and new studies in this emerging field. Results: Using the principles of the Leiden Manifesto, 384 publications from the Web of Science from 1987 to 2023 were analyzed. The analysis included cross-country collaboration, keyword trends, affiliations, co-citation networks, and clustering. The results showed an increasing trend in FFS/FMS publications, with the USA leading in both publications (n = 238) and citations (n = 2420). The most cited journal was the Journal of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery. The results indicate a high growth rate, with an H-index of 34 and an average citation of 11.41 per article. Co-occurrence analysis revealed evolving keywords such as “forehead” (n = 52) and “quality of life” (n = 44). The timeline view illustrated the terms reflecting current areas of interest such as #patient satisfaction and #gender-affirming care. Conclusion: The study reveals the influence of countries, institutions, authors, and emerging trends, supporting the anticipation that FFS/FMS will be a critical field of study in the future. The findings contribute to understanding the global landscape of FFS/FMS research, facilitating informed decision-making for researchers, and clinicians in the field of maxillofacial surgery. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Facial feminization surgery; Facial masculinization surgery; Mapping analysis
Diniz Oliveira T.; dos Santos T.C.; Weiler J.; de Oliveira e Aguiar A.; Fernandes C.C.; Ziglio L.	The contribution of the University of São Paulo to the scientific production on climate change: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Discover Sustainability	10.1007/s43621-024-00301-7	This paper evaluates how the contribution of scientific publications on climate change from the University of São Paulo (USP) evolved between 1989 and 2022. The study conducted a bibliometric analysis of 2874 research articles collected from the Web of Science and Scopus databases to explore main trend topics and reveal influential journals and collaboration networks using the Bibliometrix software. The study shows an increasing and more significant temporal publication distribution from 2010 onwards. Based on the author’s affiliations, results indicate that the most important partnerships are national (67%), while the international co-authorships are predominantly with research collaborators of the Global North (North America and Europe). Several papers published in the period are in high-impact factor journals, evidence on climate change from USP. Environmental services, Atlantic Forest, Tropical Forest, Amazon, biodiversity, and Land use are the hotspot research topics to which USP researchers contribute. The evolution of three thematic groups was identified: (i) physical science, (ii) causes and effects, and (iii) strategies, discussed in themes such as organic matter, deforestation, and mitigation, respectively. This research is helpful to get insights into the current research development trends, to show the broadness of the scientific production, and the importance of the USP role in the climate change theme. Ultimately, it provides valuable information for further studies and suggests the possibility of advancing the research agenda on climate change with the Global South. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Climate change; Research collaboration; The role of universities; USP
Tao S.-S.; Tang J.; Yang X.-K.; Fang X.; Luo Q.-Q.; Xu Y.-Q.; Ge M.; Ye F.; Wang P.; Pan H.-F.	Two Decades of Publications in Journals Dedicated to Autoimmunity: A Bibliometric Analysis of the Autoimmunity Field from 2004 to 2023	2024	Clinical and Experimental Medicine	10.1007/s10238-024-01369-1	To carry out an in-depth analysis of the scientific research on autoimmunity, we performed the first bibliometric analysis focusing on publications in journals dedicated to autoimmunity (JDTA) indexed by science citation index during the period 2004–2023. Using bibliometric analysis, we quantitatively and qualitatively analyzed the country, institution, author, reference and keywords information of publications in JDTA, so as to understand the quantity, publication pattern and publication characteristics of these publications. The co-occurrence networks, clustering map and timeline map were created by CiteSpace and VOSviewer software to visualize the results. The CiteSpace was also used to analyze the strongest citation burst of keywords, which could describe the frequency, intensity and time period of high-frequency keywords, and indicate the research hotspots in the field. A total of 5 710 publications were analyzed, and their annual distribution number was basically stable from 2004 to 2023, fluctuating around 300. The United States and Italy led the way in terms of the number of publications, followed by France and China. For international cooperation, the developed countries represented by the United States cooperate more closely, but the cooperation was localized, reflecting that there was no unified model of autoimmunity among countries. UDICE-French Research Universities had the greatest number of publications. Subsequently, the number of publications decreased slowly with the ranking, and the gradient was not large. Eric Gershwin and Yehuda Shoenfeld stood out among the authors. They had an excellent academic reputation and great influence in the field of autoimmunity. The results of keyword analysis showed that JDTA publications mainly studied a variety of autoimmune diseases, especially SLE and RA. At the same time, JDTA publications also paid special attention to the research of cell function, autoantibody expression, animal experiments, disease activity, pathogenesis and treatment. This study is the first to analyze the publications in JDTA from multiple indicators by bibliometrics, thus providing new insights into the research hotspots and development trends in the field of autoimmunity. © The Author(s) 2024.	Autoimmunity; Bibliometric analysis; Citespace; Journals dedicated to autoimmunity; VOSviewer
Vaishya R.; Vaish A.; Schäfer L.; Migliorini F.	Publications and ranking in orthopaedics and sports medicine of European countries during the last three decades: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Orthopaedics	10.1016/j.jor.2024.07.002	Introduction: The present investigation examined the trend of publications and ranking in Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine of European countries during the years 1996 to 2022 and compared these with all the regions globally. Methods: In September 2023, the SCOPUS data of publications in Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine from the SCImago Journal & Country Rank website were retrieved. All the data from Western and Eastern Europe were extracted from the overall data of the global countries and merged into Excel files, for each of the years 1996–2022 and 2022. Results: Western European countries contributed significantly to the global share of publications in Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine with nearly 1/3rd of the total publications. Eastern European countries’ contribution was minimal to the global publications and was almost 10 times less than the Western European countries. The total number of publications in the area of Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine from 1996 to 2022 at the European scale was led by the United Kingdom (N = 51510) and has maintained its supremacy until recently, in 2022. Amongst Western European countries, during the cumulative period of 1996–2022, the maximum contributions were made by the United Kingdom (N = 51510), and also in 2022, the United Kingdom contributed maximally (N = 3339). In the cumulative period of 1996–2022, Poland contributed maximally (N = 4049) among the Eastern European countries. In 2022, the maximum contribution from the Eastern European countries came from the Russian Federation (N = 462). Conclusion: The European continent is the major contributor to Orthopaedics and Sports Medicine research and publications, with almost 1/3rd of the global share of publications. Western European countries are far ahead in their contributions than Eastern European countries. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Europe; Orthopaedics; SCImago journal and country rank; Sports medicine
Chen H.; Xu Z.; Zhao H.; Cao J.; Wang R.; He J.; Nie R.; Jia J.; Yuan S.; Li Y.; Liu Z.; Zhang X.; Ha L.; Xu X.; Li T.	Global research states and trends of micro RNA in irritable bowel syndrome: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Clinical and Experimental Medicine	10.1007/s10238-024-01396-y	Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a common chronic gastrointestinal disorder, but its diagnosis and treatment remain obscure. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), as potential biomarkers, have attracted increasing attention in digestive diseases. Here, we present a comprehensive research status, development trends, and valuable insights in this subject area. The literature search was performed using Web of Science Core Collection. VOSviewer 1.6.20, Citespace 6.2.R4, and Microsoft Excel 2021 were used for bibliometric analysis. A total of 124 articles were included in the analysis. Overall, publication patterns fluctuated. Globally, People’s Republic of China, the USA, and Germany were the top three contributors of publications. Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine, University of California, Mayo Clinic, and University of California, Los Angeles contributed the highest number of publications. The pathways and specific mechanisms by which ncRNAs regulate transcription and translation and thus regulate the pathophysiological processes of IBS are the main research hotspots in this field. We found that microRNA (miRNAs) are intricately involved in the regulation of key pathologies such as viscera sensitivity, intestinal permeability, intestinal mucosal barrier, immunoinflammatory response, and brain-gut axis in the IBS, and these topics have garnered significant attention in research community. Notably, microecological disorders are also associated with IBS pathogenesis, and ncRNA may play an important role in the interactions between host and intestinal flora. This is the first bibliometric study to comprehensively summarize the research hotspots and trends related to IBS and ncRNAs (especially miRNAs). Our findings will help understand the role of ncRNAs in IBS and provide guidance to future studies. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric; Global research; Irritable bowel syndrome; microRNA; Non-coding RNA
Wang K.; Zhang Y.; Xing Y.; Wang H.; He M.; Guo R.	Current and future of immunotherapy for thyroid cancer based on bibliometrics and clinical trials	2024	Discover Oncology	10.1007/s12672-024-00904-6	Background: Thyroid cancer is a leading endocrine malignancy, with anaplastic and medullary subtypes posing treatment challenges. Existing therapies have limited efficacy, highlighting a need for innovative approaches. Methods: We analyzed 658 articles and 87 eligible clinical trials using bibliometric tools and database searches, including annual publication and citation trends, were executed using Web of Science, CiteSpace, and VOS Viewer. Results: Post-2018, there is a surge in thyroid cancer immunotherapy research, primarily from China and the University of Pisa. Of the 87 trials, 32 were Phase I and 55 were Phase II, mostly exploring combination therapies involving immune checkpoint inhibitors. Conclusion: The study's dual approach verifies the swift advancement of thyroid cancer immunotherapy from diverse perspectives. Immune checkpoint inhibitors have become the preferred regimen for advanced MTC and ATC in late therapeutic lines. However, since ICB plays a pivotal role in ATC, current clinical trial data show that ATC patients account for more and the curative effect is more accurate. Anticipated future developments are inclined toward combination regimens integrating immunotherapy with chemotherapy or targeted therapies. Emerging approaches, such as bispecific antibodies, cytokine-based therapies, and adoptive cell therapies like CAR-T and TCR-T, are exhibiting considerable potential. Upcoming research is expected to concentrate on refining the tumor immune milieu and discovering novel biomarkers germane to immunotherapeutic interventions. © The Author(s) 2024.	Anaplastic thyroid carcinoma (ATC); Clinical Trials; Immune checkpoint inhibitor; Immunotherapy; Medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC); PD-1/PD-L1; Scientometric analysis; Thyroid cancer
Long X.; Chen J.; Li J.; Luo Z.	The current status and global trends of clinical trials related to robotic surgery: a bibliometric and visualized study	2024	Journal of Robotic Surgery	10.1007/s11701-024-01940-8	Conducting clinical trials can evaluate the effectiveness and safety of surgical robots. To promote the advancement of academic robotic programs in surgery, this study captures the development trend and research hotspots of clinical trials related to surgical robots by bibliometric analysis. Bibliometrix package in R software was used to analyze the publication year, authors, countries, institutes, and journals. The visualization maps of keywords were formed using VOSviewer. The keywords with the strongest citation bursts and the institutional collaboration map were created by CiteSpace. Urology dominates with 31.3% of publications and the controlled clinical trials in urology and orthopedic accounted for the highest proportion, reaching 73%. North America, the USA, and Seoul National University lead in productivity. The most productive country, region and institution are North America, USA and Seoul National University, respectively. The trend of collaboration is regional instead of international. Keyword and burst keyword analysis revealed a primary focus in clinical research on robotic surgery: evaluating process improvements, comparing robotic and traditional surgery, and assessing feasibility. Long-term clinical trials assess surgical robots not only intraoperative performance but also postoperative complications and overall surgical outcomes. The development in the field is unbalanced between regions and countries. To promote multi-center clinical trials, governments can streamline review procedures and establish international consensus review standards, while academic institutions can form academic alliances. Also, the study offers recommendations for the development of academic robotic programs and regional collaboration units in robotic surgery, which may provide researchers with a strong reference for future research. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric study; Clinical trial; Robot; Robotic surgery
Qiang X.; Jialin Q.; Zeshuang L.; Aoting W.; Ding L.; Ye W.; Junfang W.	Visual analysis of hot spots and trends in the study of ligamentum flavum ossification	2025	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2025.272	BACKGROUND: Ossification of the ligamentum flavum was previously considered to be rare in the population. As research has progressed, its incidence rate is increasing gradually, which has aroused the interest of a large number of researchers. OBJECTIVE: To visualize and analyze the research results on ossification of the ligamentum flavum from the Web of Science Core Collection since 1999 using bibliometric methods, and to review the research history of ossification of the ligamentum flavum, highlighting important literature, summarizing research hotspots, and providing ideas for researchers to find research directions. METHODS: Using the Web of Science Core Collection as the data source, relevant papers on ossification of the ligamentum flavum were searched and screened. VOSviewer 1.6.19 and CiteSpace 6.2.R6 were used to conduct the visual analysis of annual publication volume, research countries, institutions, citations, journals, authors, and keywords. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) A total of 347 papers were included. Since 1999, the number of published papers has increased in a spiral pattern. China’s research started later than Japan’s, but the number of publications has come up later, with Peking University being the institution with the most publications, and Prof. Chen Zhongqiang from Peking University being the scholar with the most publications. (2) Five of the 10 most frequently cited publications were related to the surgical treatment of the disease. (3) Excluding keywords directly related to the research topic and synthetically analyzing frequencies and betweenness centralities of key words, terms such as “thoracic myelopathy,” “dural ossification,” “minimally invasive surgery,” and “ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament” occupied a central position in this field. (4) Keywords clustering analysis showed that clinical manifestations and surgical treatment of ossification of the ligamentum flavum accounted for a large proportion of study. (5) The timeline and burst analysis of keywords revealed that “minimally invasive surgery” appeared as a keyword around 2015, with the highest burst strength and the latest burst start time, and began to receive extensive attention from researchers in 2019. The burst of the keyword “dural ossification” has not yet ended. (6) Surgical treatment for ossification of the ligamentum flavum has been at the forefront of research. Development and research of minimally invasive surgery and research on dural ossification secondary to ossification of the ligamentum flavum are both current research hotspots and possible future research trends. © 2025, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; dural ossification; ossification; ossification of the ligamentum flavum; research status; spinal ligament; treatment; visual analysis; VOSviewer
Dai C.; Wu X.; Wang Q.; Bai Y.; Zhao D.; Fu J.; Fu B.; Ding H.	Layered double hydroxides for efficient treatment of heavy metals and organic pollutants: Recent progress and future perspectives	2025	Separation and Purification Technology	10.1016/j.seppur.2024.128277	With the development of industry and agriculture, heavy metals (HMs) and organic pollutants (OPs) have become significant threats to both the ecological environment and human health. Layered double hydroxides (LDHs), possessing large specific surface areas, low Ksp, ultrastable mineralization effects, easily modified surfaces and anion embedding characteristics, have distinct advantages in treating HMs and OPs. Utilizing the CiteSpace software and the Web of Science database, we conducted co-occurrence, cocitation, and cluster analyses of 2571 papers published from 2014 to 2023. The most productive countries were China, the United States, India, Iran and Saudi Arabia, among which the largest number of Chinese publications was 1432, accounting for 55.70%, far greater than that of other countries. Seven out of the top 10 institutions were from China, with the Chinese Academy of Sciences leading with 168 papers. Cr(VI), Cd(II), tetracycline and malachite green have attracted considerable attention recently and are anticipated to remain under the spotlight. Challenges impacting the swift progress of LDHs were outlined. This work offers researchers scientific insights into the field's trajectory, enabling them to delve deeper into the underlying mechanisms. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Advanced oxidation processes; Bibliometric analysis; Heavy metals; Layered double hydroxides; Organic pollutants
Guo C.; Liu L.; Zhang J.; Zhao K.; Li S.	Revolutionizing thoracic surgery education: a bibliometric analysis of the past decade’s literature	2024	Journal of Cardiothoracic Surgery	10.1186/s13019-024-02947-w	Objectives: Thoracic surgery is a complex field requiring advanced technical skills and critical decision-making. Surgical education must evolve to equip trainees with proficiency in new techniques and technologies. Methods: This bibliometric analysis systematically reviewed 113 articles on thoracic surgery skills training published over the past decade, retrieved from databases including Web of Science. Publication trends, citation analysis, author and journal productivity, and keyword frequencies were evaluated. Results: The United States contributed the most publications, led by pioneering institutions. Simulation training progressed from basic to sophisticated modalities and virtual reality emerged with transformative potential. Minimally invasive techniques posed unique learning challenges requiring integrated curricula. Conclusion: Ongoing investments in educational research and curriculum innovations are imperative to advance thoracic surgery training through multidisciplinary strategies. This study provides an evidentiary foundation to optimize training and address the complexities of modern thoracic surgery. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Minimally invasive surgery; Simulation-based learning; Surgical skills training; Thoracic surgery education
Chen S.; Huang L.; Li X.; Feng Q.; Lu H.; Mu J.	Hotspots and trends of artificial intelligence in the field of cataracts: a bibliometric analysis	2024	International Ophthalmology	10.1007/s10792-024-03207-5	Purpose: To analyze the hotspots and trends in artificial intelligence (AI) research in the field of cataracts. Methods: The Science Citation Index Expanded of the Web of Science Core Collection was used to collect the research literature related to AI in the field of cataracts, which was analyzed for valuable information such as years, countries/regions, journals, institutions, citations, and keywords. Visualized co-occurrence network graphs were generated through the library online analysis platform, VOSviewer, and CiteSpace tools. Results: A total of 222 relevant research articles from 41 countries were selected. Since 2019, the number of related articles has increased significantly every year. China (n = 82, 24.92%), the United States (n = 55, 16.72%) and India (n = 26, 7.90%) were the three countries with the most publications, accounting for 49.54% of the total. The Journal of Cataract and Refractive Surgery (n = 13, 5.86%) and Translational Vision Science & Technology (n = 10, 4.50%) had the most publications. Sun Yat-sen University (n = 25, 11.26%), the Chinese Academy of Sciences (n = 17, 7.66%), and Capital Medical University (n = 16, 7.21%) are the three institutions with the highest number of publications. We discovered through keyword analysis that cataract, diagnosis, imaging, classification, intraocular lens, and formula are the main topics of current study. Conclusions: This study revealed the hot spots and potential trends of AI in terms of cataract diagnosis and intraocular lens power calculation. AI will become more prevalent in the field of ophthalmology in the future. © The Author(s) 2024.	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Cataract; Citespace; Hotspot; VOSviewer
Mota F.B.; Braga L.A.M.; de Souza C.A.M.; Lopes R.M.	Mapping the global technological landscape of virtual reality in education: a bibliometric and network analysis	2024	Social Network Analysis and Mining	10.1007/s13278-024-01222-z	New advancements in virtual reality-related technologies have led to an increased interest of scholars from elementary school to higher education in its use in education. Yet, the use of virtual reality in educational environments is still in its early stages of adoption. This study aims to analyze the global landscape of virtual reality-related technologies for educational purposes. We combined bibliometrics and network analysis to analyze 1242 patent records comprising these technologies, collected in the Derwent Innovations Index. We found a significant increase in annual patenting from 2016 onward, most carried out by Chinese corporate and academic organizations. The most frequent technologies comprise teaching/training simulators, specific business systems/methods, and user–computer interaction. In the network of international patent classification codes, the overall most central node refers to technologies for manipulating three-dimensional models or images for computer graphics. Our study provides insights into the global patent landscape related to virtual reality and education, and we hope it can be of interest to potential users in academic settings, as well as developers of related technologies. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometrics; Education; Network analysis; Patents; Virtual reality
Saini R.S.; Bavabeedu S.S.; Quadri S.A.; Gurumurthy V.; Kanji M.A.; Okshah A.; Binduhayyim R.I.H.; Alarcón-Sánchez M.A.; Mosaddad S.A.; Heboyan A.	Mapping the research landscape of nanoparticles and their use in denture base resins: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Discover Nano	10.1186/s11671-024-04037-1	Background: Nanoparticles are increasingly used in dentistry for various applications, including enhancing the mechanical properties of denture base resins. This study aimed to comprehensively review and analyze the research landscape of nanoparticles and their effect on the flexural strength of denture base resins to identify key research areas and trends and to highlight the importance of collaboration between authors and institutions. Methods: A Bibliometric Analysis was conducted using the Keywords “Nanoparticle*” AND “Denture*” OR “CAD/CAM.” The literature search from the WOS database was restricted to the publication years 2011 to 2022. Results: Key findings encompass an increase in research publications but a decline in citations. Saudi Arabia, China, and Iraq led this research, with specific institutions excelling. Notable journals with high impact factors were identified. Authorship patterns show variations in citation impact. Additionally, keyword analysis revealed that current research trends offer insights into influential authors and their networks. Conclusions: The analysis of nanoparticles and denture base resins reveals a dynamic and evolving landscape that emphasizes the importance of collaboration, staying current with research trends, and conducting high-quality research in this ever-evolving domain. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Denture base resins; Effect; Nanoparticles; Research landscape
Hassan W.; Duarte A.E.	Comment on “Publication Trends and Hot Spots of ChatGPT’s Application in the Medicine”	2024	Journal of Medical Systems	10.1007/s10916-024-02083-x	[No abstract available]	N/A
Sun W.; Wu W.; Dong X.; Yu G.	Frontier and hot topics in the application of hydrogel in the biomedical field: a bibliometric analysis based on CiteSpace	2024	Journal of Biological Engineering	10.1186/s13036-024-00435-2	Hydrogels are formed of crosslinked polymer chains arranged in three-dimensional (3D) networks. These chains have good water-containing capacity and are soft and malleable. Hydrogels have good biocompatibility due to their significant water content, flexible structure, and numerous holes. These characteristics make them analogous to biological tissues. Despite the publication of 8700 literature related to hydrogel biomedical applications in the past 52 years (1973 ~ 2024), studies on the use of hydrogels in biomedicine are few. To gain a comprehensive understanding of their current development status, research trends, and prospects in the biomedical application field, it is imperative to conduct a thorough retrospective analysis. In this study, we employ bibliometric analysis and CiteSpace software to quantitatively and visually analyze articles published in this field. Firstly, we provide a quantitative analysis of authorship and institutional publications over the past 52 years to elucidate the fundamental development status regarding hydrogel biomedical applications. Secondly, we did visual studies on terms that are high-frequency, explosive, keyword clustering, and so on, to understand the directionality and evolution of the main research hotspots during each period. Notably, our findings emphasize that fabricating hydrogels into wound healing-promoting dressings emerges as a prominent hotspot within the application field. We anticipate that this paper will inspire researchers with novel ideas for advancing hydrogel applications in biomedicine. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Biomedical; Citespace; Controlled release; Drug delivery; Hot spot; Hydrogel; Tissue engineering; Wound healing
Sweileh W.M.	Neuroleptic malignant syndrome and serotonin syndrome: a comparative bibliometric analysis	2024	Orphanet Journal of Rare Diseases	10.1186/s13023-024-03227-5	Objective: This study aimed to analyze and map scientific literature on Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome (NMS) and Serotonin Syndrome (SS) from prestigious, internationally indexed journals. The objective was to identify key topics, impactful articles, prominent journals, research output, growth patterns, hotspots, and leading countries in the field, providing valuable insights for scholars, medical students, and international funding agencies. Methods: A systematic search strategy was implemented in the PubMed MeSH database using specific keywords for NMS and SS. The search was conducted in the Scopus database, renowned for its extensive coverage of scholarly publications. Inclusion criteria comprised articles published from 1950 to December 31st, 2022, restricted to journal research and review articles written in English. Data were analyzed using Microsoft Excel for descriptive analysis, and VOSviewer was employed for bibliometric mapping. Results: The search yielded 1150 articles on NMS and 587 on SS, with the majority being case reports. Growth patterns revealed a surge in NMS research between 1981 and 1991, while SS research increased notably between 1993 and 1997. Active countries and journals differed between NMS and SS, with psychiatry journals predominating for NMS and pharmacology/toxicology journals for SS. Authorship analysis indicated higher multi-authored articles for NMS. Top impactful articles focused on review articles and pathogenic mechanisms. Research hotspots included antipsychotics and catatonia for NMS, while SS highlighted drug interactions and specific medications like linezolid and tramadol. Conclusions: NMS and SS represent rare but life-threatening conditions, requiring detailed clinical and scientific understanding. Differential diagnosis and management necessitate caution in prescribing medications affecting central serotonin or dopamine systems, with awareness of potential drug interactions. International diagnostic tools and genetic screening tests may aid in safe diagnosis and prevention. Reporting rare cases and utilizing bibliometric analysis enhance knowledge dissemination and research exploration in the field of rare drug-induced medical conditions. © The Author(s) 2024.	Neuroleptic malignant syndrome; Research publications, comparative analysis; Serotonin syndrome
Zhang Y.; Dai Z.; Xia Q.; Wu Y.; TingxiaoZhao; Chen Q.; Xia C.; Zhang J.; Xu J.	Bibliometric and visualized analysis of scientific publications on subglottic stenosis based on web of science core collection	2024	Journal of Cardiothoracic Surgery	10.1186/s13019-024-02515-2	Background: Subglottic Stenosis (SGS), with increasing numbers of studies, is the most specific and common clinical type of Laryngotracheal Stenosis (LTS). There is rapid publication turnover with newer management introduced and expanding research field. To our knowledge, there is no bibliometric analysis of SGS yet. Methods: In August 2022, we performed a thorough search in the Web of Science Core Collection database using the word “subglottic stenosis,” and “SGS.” The 580 articles were arranged based on correlation. The collected articles were then analyzed with an assessment of relevant factors. Meanwhile, we analyzed the top 100 most-cited articles on SGS. Results: The frequency of publication on SGS has increased substantially over time. The USA has contributed the most articles (n = 301). Vanderbilt University published most of the articles among other institutions (n = 18). Laryngoscope topped the list of journals and has published 89 SGS-related articles. Research hotspots shift from surgical treatment to conservative management. Conclusions: The SGS-related literature has grown rapidly in recent years. This study represents the first bibliometric analysis of scientific articles on SGS. Areas to improve in SGS research can be identified after this analysis of the most impactful articles on this topic. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Citespace; Research trends; Subglottic stenosis; VOSviewer; Web of Science
van Oijen J.C.F.; van Dongen-Leunis A.; Postma J.; van Leeuwen T.; Bal R.	Achieving research impact in medical research through collaboration across organizational boundaries: Insights from a mixed methods study in the Netherlands	2024	Health Research Policy and Systems	10.1186/s12961-024-01157-z	Background: In the Netherlands, university medical centres (UMCs) bear primary responsibility for conducting medical research and delivering highly specialized care. The TopCare program was a policy experiment lasting 4 years in which three non-academic hospitals received funding from the Dutch Ministry of Health to also conduct medical research and deliver highly specialized care in specific domains. This study investigates research collaboration outcomes for all Dutch UMCs and non-academic hospitals in general and, more specifically, for the domains in the non-academic hospitals participating in the TopCare program. Additionally, it explores the organizational boundary work employed by these hospitals to foster productive research collaborations. Methods: A mixed method research design was employed combining quantitative bibliometric analysis of publications and citations across all Dutch UMCs and non-academic hospitals and the TopCare domains with geographical distances, document analysis and ethnographic interviews with actors in the TopCare program. Results: Quantitative analysis shows that, over the period of study, international collaboration increased among all hospitals while national collaboration and single institution research declined slightly. Collaborative efforts correlated with higher impact scores, and international collaboration scored higher than national collaboration. A total of 60% of all non-academic hospitals’ publications were produced in collaboration with UMCs, whereas almost 30% of the UMCs’ publications were the result of such collaboration. Non-academic hospitals showed a higher rate of collaboration with the UMC that was nearest geographically, whereas TopCare hospitals prioritized expertise over geographical proximity within their specialized domains. Boundary work mechanisms adopted by TopCare hospitals included aligning research activities with organizational mindset (identity), bolstering research infrastructure (competence) and finding and mobilizing strategic partnerships with academic partners (power). These efforts aimed to establish credibility and attractiveness as collaboration partners. Conclusions: Research collaboration between non-academic hospitals and UMCs, particularly where this also involves international collaboration, pays off in terms of publications and impact. The TopCare hospitals used the program’s resources to perform boundary work aimed at becoming an attractive and credible collaboration partner for academia. Local factors such as research history, strategic domain focus, in-house expertise, patient flows, infrastructure and network relationships influenced collaboration dynamics within TopCare hospitals and between them and UMCs. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Collaboration; Organizational boundary work; Research impact
Zyoud S.H.	Global landscape of COVID-19 research: a visualization analysis of randomized clinical trials	2024	Clinical and Experimental Medicine	10.1007/s10238-023-01254-3	The emergence of COVID-19 in 2019 has resulted in a significant global health crisis. Consequently, extensive research was published to understand and mitigate the disease. In particular, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have been considered the benchmark for assessing the efficacy and safety of interventions. Hence, the present study strives to present a comprehensive overview of the global research landscape pertaining to RCTs and COVID-19. A bibliometric analysis was performed using the Scopus database. The search parameters included articles published from 2020 to 2022 using keywords specifically related to COVID-19 and RCTs. The data were analyzed using various bibliometric indicators. The volume of publications, contributions of countries and institutions, funding agencies, active journals, citation analysis, co-occurrence analysis, and future research direction analysis were specifically analyzed. A total of 223,480 research articles concerning COVID-19 were published, with 3,727 of them related to RCTs and COVID-19. The ten most productive countries collectively produced 75.8% of the documents, with the United States leading the way by contributing 31.77%, followed by the UK with 14.03% (n = 523), China with 12.96% (n = 483) and Canada with 7.16% (n = 267). Trials (n = 173, 4.64%), BMJ Open (n = 81, 2.17%), PLOS One (n = 73, 1.96%) and JAMA Network Open (n = 53, 1.42%) were the most active journals in publishing articles related to COVID-19 RCTs. The co-occurrence analysis identified four clusters of research areas: the safety and effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines, mental health strategies to cope with the impact of the pandemic, the use of monoclonal antibodies to treat patients with COVID-19, and systematic reviews and meta-analyses of COVID-19 research. This paper offers a detailed examination of the global research environment pertaining to RCTs and their use in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. The comprehensive body of research findings was found to have been generated by the collaborative efforts of multiple countries, institutions, and funding organizations. The predominant research areas encompassed COVID-19 vaccines, strategies for mental health, monoclonal antibodies, and systematic reviews. This information has the potential to aid researchers, policymakers, and funders in discerning areas of weakness and establishing areas of priority. © 2024, The Author(s).	Bibliometric; COVID-19; Randomized controlled trials; Scopus; Visualization; VOSviewer
Liu C.; Tan R.; Wu Y.; Feng Y.; Jin Z.; Zhang F.; Liu Y.; Liu Q.	Dissecting zero trust: research landscape and its implementation in IoT	2024	Cybersecurity	10.1186/s42400-024-00212-0	As a progressive security strategy, the zero trust model has attracted notable attention and importance within the realm of network security, especially in the context of the Internet of Things (IoT). This paper aims to evaluate the current research regarding zero trust and to highlight its practical applications in the IoT sphere through extensive bibliometric analysis. We also delve into the vulnerabilities of IoT and explore the potential role of zero trust security in mitigating these risks via a thorough review of relevant security schemes. Nevertheless, the challenges associated with implementing zero trust security are acknowledged. We provide a summary of these issues and suggest possible pathways for future research aimed at overcoming these challenges. Ultimately, this study aims to serve as a strategic analysis of the zero trust model, intending to empower scholars in the field to pursue deeper and more focused research in the future. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics method; Hot topics; Internet of things; Research landscape; Zero trust
Jiang B.; Hong N.; Zhao F.; Dong F.	Visualization and analysis of mapping knowledge domains for optic neuritis: a bibliometric research from 2013 to 2022	2024	International Ophthalmology	10.1007/s10792-024-02948-7	Purpose: To explore the global research trends, hotspots and frontiers of optic neuritis (ON) over the past decade through qualitative and quantitative analysis of bibliometrics. Methods: Publications on ON from 2013 to 2022 were retrieved from Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). VOSviewer and CiteSpace were mainly used to facilitate bibliometric analysis and visualization. Results: A total of 3027 papers were retrieved from peer-reviewed publications and the annual research output increased over time. Neurosciences neurology was the most published area. The USA was the most productive and influential country, and in the focus of international cooperation. University College London was the most productive organization and Charite Medical University of Berlin had the largest number of cooperating partners. Paul F contributed the largest number of publications and Wingerchuk DM ranked first among the co-cited authors. Multiple Sclerosis and Related Disorders was the most prolific journal publishing ON research. The most co-cited references mainly focused on the diagnostic criteria for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) and multiple sclerosis (MS). The keywords formed the following four clusters: the pathophysiology of MS-ON; the autoantibody markers and diagnostic criteria of NMOSD-ON and myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein associated disorder-ON (MOGAD-ON); the epidemiology and clinical characteristics of ON; and the treatment of ON. Conclusion: This bibliometrics analysis showed a systematic view of the evolutionary process, research hotspots, and future directions of ON research. It can provide insights for ON research and valuable information for neuro-ophthalmologic specialists to evaluate research policies and promote international cooperation. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Multiple sclerosis; Neuromyelitis optic; Optic neuritis; VOSviewer
Fang X.; Zhang Z.	Hotspots and trends in health-oriented physical literacy research: a visual analysis based on the WOS database	2024	BMC Public Health	10.1186/s12889-024-18951-7	Background: The World Health Organization has proposed that physical activity is a meaningful way to improve the quality of human life and reduce the probability of chronic non-communicable diseases and that humans should change their mindset from the actual effectiveness of physical activity in promoting health to the new view that “physical activity makes life more meaningful.” The introduction and development of physical literacy reveal the critical role of physical activity in improving human health and the importance of human initiative in physical activity for healthy development. Therefore, the objectives of this paper are (1) to conduct a bibliometric analysis of the literature on physical literacy, assessing the scope, frequency, and geographical distribution of research publications from various countries and institutions from 2015 to 2023; (2) to visualize keywords in articles on the topic of Physical literacy to analyze whether there is a link between physical literacy and health, and (3) based on the results of the visual analysis, we propose that proper health is built on the sense of physical literacy and further construct the circular path of physical literacy, physical activity, and physical health improvement. Methods: Using VOSviewer software v.1.6.18, this study searched the core collection of the Web of Science database from 2015 to April 15, 2023, using “physical literacy” as a keyword to explore the current international research on physical literacy. Results: A total of 3,446 articles were included, and a correlation map was derived based on the co-occurrence frequency of keywords, which showed that physical literacy was highly correlated with six concepts: health literacy, physical activity, health, children, adolescents, and prevention. Conclusion: Based on the analysis of literature visualization techniques, there is a high correlation between physical literacy and health, and international physical literacy research is in a trend of multi-point amplification, with research hotspots gradually shifting from the field of sports to the field of health and closely related to the field of health, indicating that physical literacy aims to promote the achievement of individual health by driving humans to increase physical activity. © The Author(s) 2024.	Health; Life quality; Physical inactivity; Physical literacy
Hooley C.; Adams D.R.; Ng W.Y.; Wendt C.L.E.; Dennis C.B.	Key actors in behavioral health services availability and accessibility research: a scoping review bibliometric analysis	2024	Discover Mental Health	10.1007/s44192-024-00068-3	This bibliometric review aims to identify key actors in the behavioral health services availability/accessibility literature. Coalescing information about these actors could support subsequent research efforts to improve the availability and accessibility of behavioral health services. The authors used a scoping review method and a bibliometric approach. The articles came from Medline, Embase, Web of Science, CINAHL, and PsycINFO. Articles were included if they assessed behavioral health service availability or accessibility quantitatively and were written in English. The final sample included 265 articles. Bibliometric data were extracted, coded, and verified. The authors analyzed the data using univariate and social network analyses. Publishing in this area has become more consistent and has grown since 2002. Psychiatric Services and Graduate Theses were the most frequently used publication venues. The National Institute on Drug Abuse, National Institute of Mental Health, and the Veterans Administration funded the most research. The most frequently used keyword was “health services accessibility.” The findings suggest that this literature is growing. There are a few clusters of researchers in this area. Government organizations primarily fund this research. The paper and supplementary materials list the top researchers, publication venues, funding sources, and key terms to promote further behavioral health availability/accessibility research. © The Author(s) 2024.	Accessibility; Availability; Bibliometric analysis; Mental health; Substance use
Yan S.; Pang M.; Wang J.; Chen R.; Liu H.; Xu X.; Li B.; Li Q.; Kong F.	Correction: A comparative study of bibliometric analysis on old adults’ cognitive impairment based on Web of Science and CNKI via CiteSpace (Health Economics Review, (2023), 13, 1, (56), 10.1186/s13561-023-00470-7)	2024	Health Economics Review	10.1186/s13561-024-00483-w	Following publication of the original article [1], the missing co-author Qinling Li was added as the eighth author. Dr. Li’s name was inadvertently removed during the production process. Dr. Li’s affiliations are the following: 1Centre for Health Management and Policy Research, School of Public Health, Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan 250,012, China. 2NHC Key Lab of Health Economics and Policy Research, Shandong University, Jinan 250,012, China. 3Institute of Health and Elderly Care, Shandong University, Jinan, China. Moreover, the text “Present Adress” was removed from affiliation 3. The author group has been updated above and the original article [1] has been corrected. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
albasheer O.; Abdelwahab S.I.; Zaino M.R.; Altraifi A.A.A.; Hakami N.; El-Amin E.I.; Alshehri M.M.; Alghamdi S.M.; Alqahtani A.S.; Alenazi A.M.; Alqahtani B.; Alhowimel A.; Uddin S.; Khalafalla H.E.E.; Medani I.E.	The impact of social isolation and loneliness on cardiovascular disease risk factors: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and bibliometric investigation	2024	Scientific Reports	10.1038/s41598-024-63528-4	"Data on the association between social isolation, loneliness, and risk of incident coronary heart disease (CVD) are conflicting. The objective of this study is to determine the relationship between social isolation and loneliness, and the risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) in middle age and elderly using meta-analysis. The purpose of the bibliometric analysis is to systematically evaluate the existing literature on the relationship between social isolation, loneliness, and the risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) in middle-aged and elderly individuals. A comprehensive search through four electronic databases (MEDLINE, Google Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science) was conducted for published articles that determined the association between social isolation and/or loneliness and the risk of developing coronary heart disease from June 2015 to May 2023. Two independent reviewers reviewed the titles and abstracts of the records. We followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline to conduct the systematic review and meta-analysis. Data for the bibliometric analysis was obtained from the Scopus database and analyzed using VOSviewer and Bibliometrix applications. Six studies involving 104,511 patients were included in the final qualitative review and meta-analysis after screening the records. The prevalence of loneliness ranged from 5 to 65.3%, and social isolation ranged from 2 to 56.5%. A total of 5073 cardiovascular events were recorded after follow-up, ranging between 4 and 13 years. Poor social relationships were associated with a 16% increase in the risk of incident CVD (Hazard Ratio of new CVD when comparing high versus low loneliness or social isolation was 1.16 (95% Confidence Interval (CI) 1.10–1.22). The bibliometric analysis shows a rapidly growing field (9.77% annual growth) with common collaboration (6.37 co-authors/document, 26.53% international). The US leads research output, followed by the UK and Australia. Top institutions include University College London, Inserm, and the University of Glasgow. Research focuses on ""elderly,"" ""cardiovascular disease,"" and ""psychosocial stress,"" with recent trends in ""mental health,"" ""social determinants,"" and ""COVID-19"". Social isolation and loneliness increase the risk of and worsen outcomes in incident cardiovascular diseases. However, the observed effect estimate is small, and this may be attributable to residual confounding from incomplete measurement of potentially confounding or mediating factors. The results of the bibliometric analysis highlight the multidimensional nature of CVD research, covering factors such as social, psychological, and environmental determinants, as well as their interplay with various demographic and health-related variables. © The Author(s) 2024."	Bibliometrics; Cardiovascular disease; Loneliness; Meta-analysis; Social health; Social isolation
Wang X.; Teh S.H.; Wang X.-H.	Knowledge mapping of spastic cerebral palsy. A bibliometric analysis of global research (2000–2022)	2024	Italian Journal of Pediatrics	10.1186/s13052-024-01577-1	Background: Cerebral palsy (CP) is characterized by abnormal pronunciation, posture, and movement. Spastic CP accounts for more than 70% of all CP. To date, there has been no bibliometric analysis to summarize study on spastic CP. Here, we aim to conduct a bibliometric analysis of spastic CP to summarize this field's knowledge structure, research hotspots, and frontiers. Method: Publications about spastic CP were searched utilizing the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database from 1 January 2000 to 30 November 2022, the WoSCC literature analysis wire, VOSviewer 1.6.18, CiteSpace 6.1.R4 and Online analysis platform for bibliometrics were used to conduct the analysis. Results: A total of 3988 publications, consisting of 3699 articles and 289 reviews, were included in our study. The United States emerged as the most productive country, while Kathleen Univ Leuven was the most productive institution. The leading author was Desloovere K. A total of 238 journals contributed to this field, with Developmental medicine and child neurology being the leading journal. Important keywords and keyword clusters included Spastic cerebral palsy, Reliability, and Gross motor function. Keywords identified through burst detection indicated that hotspots in this field were management, randomized controlled trials, and definition. Conclusion: Based on the analysis of bibliometric on spastic CP over the past 20 years, the trends and the knowledge graph of the countries, institutions, authors, references, and the keywords have been identified, providing accurate and expedited insights into critical information and potentially new directions in the study of spastic CP. © 2024, The Author(s).	Bibliometric analysis; Hotspots; Knowledge structure; Spastic cerebral palsy
Alkathiri N.A.; Said F.B.; Meyer N.; Soliman M.	Knowledge management and sustainable entrepreneurship: a bibliometric overview and research agenda	2024	Journal of Innovation and Entrepreneurship	10.1186/s13731-024-00387-3	The current work highlights the evolution in knowledge management for sustainable entrepreneurship research by analyzing the key trends and major concepts. Additionally, the knowledge structures of such research themes were analyzed and mapped. Moreover, this paper seeks to present a research agenda concerning the study subject. It employed an integrated bibliometric approach and systematic review of knowledge management and sustainable entrepreneurship research by conducting two main procedures, namely domain analysis (i.e., key trends and evolution) and knowledge structures analysis (i.e., intellectual, social, and conceptual structure). A total of 233 documents were obtained from Scopus and Web of Science datasets and analyzed using both R 4.1.2 and VOSviewer software. The findings demonstrated that the contributors (i.e., the authors, nations, journals, and institutions) produced a discernible evolution in the body of knowledge on the themes of knowledge management and sustainable business within the designated period. Furthermore, science mapping approaches deeply grasp the social, conceptual, and intellectual structures of such research themes. This current work is considered one of the first attempts to systematically review, analyze, and visualize the scientific productions on knowledge management and sustainable entrepreneurship. The findings of the current work also offer a solid understanding and insights into the potential directions for the research agenda in these disciplines. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Domain analysis; Knowledge management; Knowledge structures; Research agenda; Sustainable entrepreneurship
Ogihara Y.	Numbers of articles in the three Japanese national newspapers, 1872–2021	2024	Scientific Data	10.1038/s41597-024-03245-9	Newspapers have been analyzed in many disciplines, including the humanities, social sciences, and natural sciences. However, previous research using Japanese newspapers investigated the absolute frequency (number) of articles of interest and did not examine the relative frequency (rate) of articles, restricting a deeper understanding of humans, society, and nature. The absolute frequency and the relative frequency of articles can show different patterns of results, which leads to different conclusions. Thus, investigating only the absolute frequency of articles is insufficient, or sometimes misleading. Therefore, it is necessary to examine not only the absolute frequency of articles but also their relative frequency. For this purpose, I conducted a series of systematic searches and provided the yearly numbers of articles in the three databases of Japanese national newspapers over the 150 years between 1872 and 2021. This paper enables researchers to calculate the relative frequency of articles, contributing to research in many disciplines. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Thakur G.; Pal A.; Mittal N.; Yajid M.S.A.; Gared F.	A significant exploration on meta-heuristic based approaches for optimization in the waste management route problems	2024	Scientific Reports	10.1038/s41598-024-64133-1	In metropolitan cities, it is very complicated to govern the optimum routes for garbage collection vehicles due to high waste production and very dense population. Furthermore, wrongly designed routes are the source of wasting time, fuel and other resources in the collection of municipal trash procedure. The Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) published between 2011 and 2023 was systematically analysed. The majority of the surveyed research compute the waste collecting problems using metaheuristic approaches. This manuscript serves two purposes: first, categorising the VRP and its variants in the field of waste collection; second, examining the role played by most of the metaheuristics in the solution of the VRP problems for a waste collection. Three case study of Asia continent has been analysed and the results show that the metaheuristic algorithms have the capability in providing good results for large-scale data. Lastly, some promising paths ranging from highlighting research gap to future scope are drawn to encourage researchers to conduct their research work in the field of waste management route problems. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric; Metaheuristic; Optimization; Routing; Waste management
Li G.; Zhang T.; Tsai C.-Y.; Yao L.; Lu Y.; Tang J.	Review of the metaheuristic algorithms in applications: Visual analysis based on bibliometrics	2024	Expert Systems with Applications	10.1016/j.eswa.2024.124857	Metaheuristic algorithms have gradually become the mainstream way to solve complex optimization problems with their streamlined structure and robust performance. Innovative achievements have increasingly emerged with the development and widespread application of metaheuristic algorithms. In order to provide a better overview of relevant work in this field and clarify its prospects, this paper analyzed 1676 literature on the application of metaheuristic algorithms from 1994 to 2023, based on the Web of Science database. Firstly, utilizing a large amount of literature data, the overall trend of the application field development of metaheuristic algorithms, core authors, and mainstream journals was analyzed from the perspective of bibliometrics. Secondly, combined with the visualization software CiteSpace, major cooperation maps in the application field of metaheuristic algorithms were drawn, and the correlation relationships between authors, countries, and institutions in the area were obtained. Thirdly, co-word and cluster analyses were used to explore the research hotspots of applying metaheuristic algorithms, and six prevalent research topics in this field were obtained. Finally, through the co-cited literature cluster map and time-zone map, vital citing literature in the metaheuristic algorithms’ application field and the evolution of time-based development frontiers were summarized, and three development stages of this field were obtained. The overall review of the application of metaheuristic algorithms can provide assistance for researchers interested in this field. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Application; Bibliometric; CiteSpace; Metaheuristic algorithms; Visualization analysis
Chen S.; Zhang M.; Zeng Y.	Mapping trends in hemifacial spasm research: bibliometric and visualization‑based analyses of the web of science core collection: a correspondence	2024	Neurosurgical Review	10.1007/s10143-024-02577-9	[No abstract available]	N/A
Yu F.; El-Zaatari H.M.; Kosorok M.R.; Carnegie A.; Dave G.	The application of exponential random graph models to collaboration networks in biomedical and health sciences: a review	2024	Network Modeling Analysis in Health Informatics and Bioinformatics	10.1007/s13721-023-00439-w	Collaboration has become crucial in solving scientific problems in biomedical and health sciences. There is a growing interest in applying social network analysis to professional associations aiming to leverage expertise and resources for optimal synergy. As a set of computational and statistical methods for analyzing social networks, exponential random graph models (ERGMs) examine complex collaborative networks due to their uniqueness of allowing for non-independent variables in network modeling. This study took a review approach to collect and analyze ERGM applications in health sciences by following the protocol of a systematic review. We included a total of 30 studies. The bibliometric characteristics revealed significant authors, institutions, countries, funding agencies, and citation impact associated with the publications. In addition, we observed five types of ERGMs for network modeling (standard ERGM and its extensions—Bayesian ERGM, temporal ERGM, separable temporal ERGM, and multilevel ERGM). Most studies (80%) used the standard ERGM, which possesses only endogenous and exogenous variables examining either micro- (individual-based) or macro-level (organization-based) collaborations without exploring how the links between individuals and organizations contribute to the overall network structure. Our findings help researchers (a) understand the extant research landscape of ERGM applications in health sciences, (b) learn to control and predict connection occurrence in a collaborative network, and (c) better design ERGM-applied studies to examine complex relations and social system structure, which is native to professional collaborations. © 2024, The Author(s).	Biomedical and health sciences; Exponential random graph models (ERGMs); Professional collaborations; Review; Social network analysis
Hu W.; Li M.; Chi X.; Wang X.; Khan A.U.	Intangible cultural heritage research in China from the perspective of intellectual property rights based on bibliometrics and knowledge mapping	2024	Humanities and Social Sciences Communications	10.1057/s41599-024-03314-9	This research scrutinizes the trends and dynamics of Intellectual Property Protection (IPP) of Intangible Cultural Heritage (ICH) in China, utilizing a dataset of 91 papers from the CNKI database spanning 2011 to 2020. The study uses CiteSpace software to visualise and analyse the literature across multiple dimensions, including article count, authorship, institutional affiliations, and keyword co-occurrence. Findings indicate a lack of robust collaboration among authors and institutions in IPP and ICH, with a scarcity of active cooperative groups. Critical research hotspots identified encompass intangible cultural heritage, intellectual property protection, inheritors, legal protection, copyright, intellectual property law, and geographical indications, with the legal safeguarding of ICH’s intellectual property, digital conservation, traditional cultural expressions, and original authentication emerging as the leading research frontiers. This investigation provides a holistic view of China’s IPP and ICH landscape, offering essential scientific insights for ongoing scholarly discourse. This study mainly benefits policymakers and stakeholders in the cultural heritage sector, underscoring the necessity of enhanced authorial and institutional collaboration and the prioritization of legal and digital protection mechanisms to safeguard China’s intangible cultural legacy for posterity. The analysis is critical, informing policy formulation and strategic planning to bolster ICH’s protection and sustainable management in China. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Modi N.; Timmer Z.; Taylor A.; Bose S.; Spencer A.; Smeds M.R.	A Bibliometric Analysis on Adherence to Reporting Standards for Endovascular Treatment of Chronic Lower Extremity Peripheral Artery Disease	2024	Annals of Vascular Surgery	10.1016/j.avsg.2024.06.013	Background: The treatment of chronic limb-threatening ischemia (CLTI) involves a broad spectrum of therapies including many new and emerging techniques. To standardize the results of studies examining this pathology and to allow critical analysis and comparison between studies, the Society for Vascular Surgery (SVS) recommended reporting standard guidelines for the endovascular management of CLTI in 2016. Research studies that do not adhere to complete reporting standards are often more ambiguous in impact and external validity, leading to bias and misinformation that has potentially damaging effects on clinical decision-making. We thus sought to examine adherence to and factors associated with noncompliance with these recommended guidelines. Methods: A literature database search was conducted to include all clinical trials, randomized controlled trials, and retrospective comparative studies written in English examining the endovascular treatment of peripheral artery disease (PAD)/CLTI from January 2020 to August 2022. Systematic reviews, case reports, and meta-analysis were excluded. The manuscripts were reviewed for adherence with the SVS guidelines (overall and by guideline subcategories based on demographics, treatment methods, and outcomes), and factors associated with this adherence were determined. These data were used to calculate descriptive and comparative statistics. Results: Fifty-four manuscripts were identified from this time frame. On average, articles reviewed reported on 42.0% of the SVS reporting standards (range, 25.0–65.2%, Fig 1) with 74.1% of articles (n = 40) not adhering to at least 50.0% of the standards. Manuscripts most completely followed guidelines regarding “patient factors” and were least likely to demonstrate adherence to the description of CLTI and study complications. Within the guideline subcategories, complete adherence to guidelines was not demonstrated in any manuscript in stent trials, disease outcome measures, technical outcome measures, patient factors and critical limb ischemia description, and complete adherence rates within the other subcategories was low (range, 5.6–18.6%). Studies conducted within the United States and those with industry sponsorship were more likely to adhere to >50% of the reporting standards (P < 0.05). Journal impact factor, year of publication, and number of authors had no correlation to the percent adherence to guidelines in specific categories or adherence overall. Conclusions: Adherence to reporting standard guidelines for endovascular treatment of lower extremity PAD specifically outlined by the SVS is suboptimal regardless of the quality of the journal the research is published in. Increasing adherence to reporting standards to provide a framework for comparison of studies across techniques used should be prioritized by authors, journal editors, and vascular societies. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Li Y.; Ma L.; Chen H.; Jin Z.; Yang W.; Qiao Y.; Ji Z.; Liu G.	Knowledge mapping of exosomes in prostate cancer from 2003 to 2022: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Discover Oncology	10.1007/s12672-024-01183-x	Background: Prostate cancer (PCa) is highly prevalent among males worldwide. The investigation of exosomes in PCa has emerged as a dynamic and important research area. To visually depict the prominent research areas and evolutionary patterns of exosomes in PCa, we performed a comprehensive analysis via bibliometric methods. Methods: Studies were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection. CiteSpace, VOSviewers, and the R package “bibliometrix” were employed to analyze the relationships and collaborations among countries/regions, organizations, authors, journals, references, and keywords. Results: Over the past 20 years (2003–2022), 995 literatures on exosomes in PCa have been collected. The findings indicate a consistent upward trend in annual publications with the United States being the leading contributor. Cancers is widely recognized as the most prominent journal in this area. In total, 5936 authors have contributed to these publications, with Alicia Llorente being the most prolific. The primary keywords associated with research hotspots include “liquid biopsy”, “identification”, “growth”, “microRNAs”, and “tumor-derived exosomes”. Conclusion: Our analysis reveals that investigating the intrinsic mechanisms of exosomes in PCa pathogenesis and exploring the potential of exosomes as biomarkers of PCa constitute the principal focal points in this domain of research. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Exosomes; Prostate cancer; VOSviewer
Feng J.; Han L.; Liu Y.; Li K.; Wu Y.	A bibliometric study related to the treatment of myocardial ischemia-reperfusion Injury	2024	Journal of Cardiothoracic Surgery	10.1186/s13019-024-02924-3	Background: Myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury (MIRI) is defined as the restoration of blood flow to the myocardium after a brief interruption of blood supply, causing more severe damage to the ischemic myocardium. However, currently, reperfusion therapy is the preferred therapy for ischemic cardiomyopathy, which undoubtedly causes MIRI, and thus it has become a challenging issue affecting the prognosis of coronary artery disease. Methods: A search was conducted in the Web of Science Core Collection database for papers relevant to MIRI therapy published between 1 January 2000 and 1 October 2023. Bibliometric analyses were performed using VOSviewer and CiteSpace to elucidate the progress and hotspots. Results: 3304 papers from 64 countries, 2134 research institutions and 13,228 authors were enrolled in the study. Of these, China contributed the most papers and had the biggest impact, while the United States had the most extensive partnership. The Fourth Military Medical University was the primary research institution. The most valuable authors include Chattipakorn, Nipon, Chattipakorn, Siriporn c, Yang, Jian and Yang, Yang. Conclusion: Over the past 20 years, research on MIRI therapies has made significant strides. Further studies are necessary to explore the interactions between various therapeutic options. Future investigations will emphasize nanocarriers, cardiac regeneration, and stem cell therapies. Our study identifies MIRI research hotspots from a bibliometric perspective, forecasts future trends, and offers fresh insights into MIRI therapy research. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Heart regeneration; MIRI; Treatment; Visual analysis
Usman S.S.; Christina E.	Characterization and genome-informatic analysis of a novel lytic mendocina phage vB_PmeS_STP12 suitable for phage therapy pseudomonas or biocontrol	2024	Molecular Biology Reports	10.1007/s11033-024-09362-3	Background: A novel lytic bacteriophage (phage) was isolated with Pseudomonas mendocina strain STP12 (P. mendocina) from the untreated site of Sewage Treatment Plant of Lovely Professional University, India. P. mendocina is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, aerobic bacterium belonging to the family Pseudomonadaceae and has been reported in fifteen (15) cases of economically important diseases worldwide. Methods and results: Here, a novel phage specifically infecting and killing P. mendocina strain STP12 was isolated from sewage sample using enrichment, spot test and double agar overlay (DAOL) method and was designated as vB_PmeS_STP12. The phage vB-PmeS-STP12 was viable at wide range of pH and temperature ranging from 4 to10 and − 20 to 70 °C respectively. Host range and efficiency of plating (EOP) analysis indicated that phage vB-PmeS-STP12 was capable of infecting and killing P. mendocina strain STP6 with EOP of 0.34. Phage vB_PmeS_STP12 was found to have a significant bacterial reduction (p < 0.005) at all the doses administered, particularly at optimal MOI of 1 PFU/CFU, compared to the control. Morphological analysis using high resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM) revealed an icosahedral capsid of ~ 55 nm in diameter on average with a short, non-contractile tail. The genome of vB_PmeS_STP12 is a linear, dsDNA containing 36,212 bp in size with a GC content of 58.87% harbouring 46 open reading frames (ORFs). The 46 predicted ORFs encode proteins with functional information categorized as lysis, replication, packaging, regulation, assembly, infection, immune, and hypothetical. However, the genome of vB_PmeS_STP12 appeared to be devoid of tRNAs, integrase gene, toxins genes, virulence factors, antimicrobial resistance genes (ARGs) and CRISPR arrays. The blast analysis with phylogeny revealed that vB_PmeS_STP12 is genetically similar to Pseudomonas phage PMBT14, Pseudomonas phage Almagne and Serratia phage Serbin with a highest identity of 74.00%, 74.93% and 59.48% respectively. Conclusions: Taken together, characterization, morphological analysis and genome-informatics indicated that vB_PmeS_STP12 is podovirus morphotype belonging to the class Caudoviticetes, family Zobellviridae which appeared to be devoid of integrase gene, ARGs, CRISPR arrays, virulence factors and toxins genes, exhibiting stability and infectivity at wide range of pH (4 to10) and temperature (–20 to 70 °C), thereby making vB_PmeS_STP12 suitable for phage therapy or biocontrol. Based on the bibliometric analysis and data availability with respect to sequences deposited in GenBank, this is the first report of a phage infecting Pseudomonas mendocina. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.	Bioinformatics; Electron microscopy; Lytic bacteriophages; Podovirus; Pseudomonas mendocina; Wastewater; Whole genome sequencing; Zobellviridae
Zyoud S.H.	Mapping the global research landscape on molecular mimicry: a visualization and bibliometric study	2024	Journal of Translational Medicine	10.1186/s12967-024-05357-7	[No abstract available]	N/A
Cui X.; Xue T.; Zhang Z.; Yang H.; Ren Y.	A bibliometric and visual analysis of cognitive function in bipolar disorder from 2012 to 2022	2024	Annals of General Psychiatry	10.1186/s12991-024-00498-x	Introduction: Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic psychiatric disorder that combines hypomania or mania and depression. The study aims to investigate the research areas associated with cognitive function in bipolar disorder and identify current research hotspots and frontier areas in this field. Methodology: Publications related to cognitive function in BD from 2012 to 2022 were searched on the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database. VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and Scimago Graphica were used to conduct this bibliometric analysis. Results: A total of 989 articles on cognitive function in BD were included in this review. These articles were mainly from the United States, China, Canada, Spain and the United Kingdom. Our results showed that the journal “Journal of Affective Disorders” published the most articles. Apart from “Biploar disorder” and “cognitive function”, the terms “Schizophrenia”, “Meta analysis”, “Rating scale” were also the most frequently used keywords. The research on cognitive function in bipolar disorder primarily focused on the following aspects: subgroup, individual, validation and pathophysiology. Conclusions: The current concerns and hotspots in the filed are: “neurocognitive impairment”, “subgroup”, “1st degree relative”, “mania”, “individual” and “validation”. Future research is likely to focus on the following four themes: “Studies of the bipolar disorder and cognitive subgroups”, “intra-individual variability”, “Validation of cognitive function tool” and “Combined with pathology or other fields”. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric; Bipolar disorder; Cognitive function; Visualize
Zhao S.-H.; Ji X.-Y.; Yuan G.-Z.; Cheng T.; Liang H.-Y.; Liu S.-Q.; Yang F.-Y.; Tang Y.; Shi S.	A Bibliometric Analysis of the Spatial Transcriptomics Literature from 2006 to 2023	2024	Cellular and Molecular Neurobiology	10.1007/s10571-024-01484-3	In recent years, spatial transcriptomics (ST) research has become a popular field of study and has shown great potential in medicine. However, there are few bibliometric analyses in this field. Thus, in this study, we aimed to find and analyze the frontiers and trends of this medical research field based on the available literature. A computerized search was applied to the WoSCC (Web of Science Core Collection) Database for literature published from 2006 to 2023. Complete records of all literature and cited references were extracted and screened. The bibliometric analysis and visualization were performed using CiteSpace, VOSviewer, Bibliometrix R Package software, and Scimago Graphica. A total of 1467 papers and reviews were included. The analysis revealed that the ST publication and citation results have shown a rapid upward trend over the last 3 years. Nature Communications and Nature were the most productive and most co-cited journals, respectively. In the comprehensive global collaborative network, the United States is the country with the most organizations and publications, followed closely by China and the United Kingdom. The author Joakim Lundeberg published the most cited paper, while Patrik L. Ståhl ranked first among co-cited authors. The hot topics in ST are tissue recognition, cancer, heterogeneity, immunotherapy, differentiation, and models. ST technologies have greatly contributed to in-depth research in medical fields such as oncology and neuroscience, opening up new possibilities for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases. Moreover, artificial intelligence and big data drive additional development in ST fields. Graphical Abstract: Spatial transcriptomics (ST) technologies and application prospects. (1) Imaging-based approaches, including in situ sequencing (ISS)—where transcripts are amplified and sequenced in tissue—and ISH-based approaches—where imaging probes are sequentially hybridized in tissue. (2) NGS-based techniques, in which positional information is encoded onto transcripts prior to NGS sequencing. (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Cancer; Differentiation; Models; Spatial transcriptomics; Tissue recognition
Montes-Escobar K.; de la Hoz-M J.; Castillo-Cordova P.; Duran-Ospina J.P.; Bravo-Saltos R.K.; Lapo-Talledo G.J.; Siteneski A.	Glioblastoma: a comprehensive approach combining bibliometric analysis, Latent Dirichlet Allocation, and HJ-Biplot: Glioblastoma insights and trends: a 49-year bibliometric analysis	2024	Neurosurgical Review	10.1007/s10143-024-02440-x	Glioblastoma is a common and aggressive malignant central nervous system tumor in adults. This study aims to evaluate and analyze the scientific results, collaboration countries, main research topics, and topics over time reported about glioblastoma. A bibliometric analysis of glioblastoma publications was performed mainly using R and Multbiplot software for author, journal, and resume. Associated statistic methods Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and HJ-Biplot. Inclusion criteria were research articles from the PubMed database published in English between 1973 and December 2022. A total of 64,823 documents with an annual growth rate of 8.27% indicates a consistent increase in research output over time. The results for the number of citations and significant publications showed Cancer Res, J Neuro-Oncol, and Neuro-Oncology are the most influential journals in the field of glioblastoma. The countries that concentrated research were the tumor United States, China, Germany, and Italy. Finally, there has been a marked growth in studies on prognosis and patient survival, therapies, and treatments for glioblastoma. These findings reinforce the need for increased global resources to address glioblastoma, particularly in underdeveloped countries. Glioblastoma research’s exponential growth reflects sustained interest in early diagnosis and patient survival. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric; Glioblastoma; Patient survival; Tumor treatment
Sheikhhoseini R.	Injury Prevention in Female Athletes: Defining the Boundaries of Scientific Literature	2024	Physical Treatments	10.32598/ptj.14.1.292.5	Purpose: This study aims to perform a bibliometric analysis centered on recent advancements in injury prevention for female athletes. Methods: The study employed Excel, VOSviewer, and the bibliometric R-package tools to analyze and evaluate relevant records obtained from the Web of Science (WOS) database, using a reliable search methodology. Results: From the WOS database, a collection of 10 560 scientific records was acquired using specific keywords, covering the period between 2010 and 2023. These records were subjected to content analysis, revealing the prevalent themes in this research area. Noteworthy topics included risk, risk factors, prevention, women, exercise, physical activity, epidemiology, injuries, performance, injury, strength, and health. The investigation also indicated that the journals “American journal of sports medicine” and “journal of athletic training” demonstrated the highest level of activity in this field. Regarding research productivity, developed countries, such as the United States and Canada stood out as the most prolific contributors. Moreover, the study recognized Gregory D Myer as the most active author in this area. Conclusion: The convergence of injury prevention in female athletes continues to be a subject of significant research attention. This study highlights that the bulk of the literature on this subject originates from researchers in developed countries. However, it is crucial to recognize that a substantial segment of the global population, particularly in developing nations, lacks sufficient representation in research related to early life psychology concerning exercise and physical activity. © 2024, University of Social Welfare and Rehabilitation Sciences. All rights reserved.	Athletes; Bibliometrics; Epidemiology; Female; Sports injuries
Martin A.; DiGiovanni M.; Acquaye A.; Ponticiello M.; Chou D.T.; Neto E.A.; Michel A.; Sibeoni J.; Piot M.-A.; Spodenkiewicz M.; Benoit L.	Pathways and identity: toward qualitative research careers in child and adolescent psychiatry	2024	Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Mental Health	10.1186/s13034-024-00738-8	Objective: Qualitative research methods are based on the analysis of words rather than numbers; they encourage self-reflection on the investigator’s part; they are attuned to social interaction and nuance; and they incorporate their subjects’ thoughts and feelings as primary sources. Despite appearing well suited for research in child and adolescent psychiatry (CAP), qualitative methods have had relatively minor uptake in the discipline. We conducted a qualitative study of CAPs involved in qualitative research to learn about these investigators’ lived experiences, and to identify modifiable factors to promote qualitative methods within the field of youth mental health. Methods: We conducted individual, semi-structured 1-h long interviews through Zoom. Using purposive sample, we selected 23 participants drawn from the US (n = 12) and from France (n = 11), and equally divided in each country across seniority level. All participants were current or aspiring CAPs and had published at least one peer-reviewed qualitative article. Ten participants were women (44%). We recorded all interviews digitally and transcribed them for analysis. We coded the transcripts according to the principles of thematic analysis and approached data analysis, interpretation, and conceptualization informed by an interpersonal phenomenological analysis (IPA) framework. Results: Through iterative thematic analysis we developed a conceptual model consisting of three domains: (1) Becoming a qualitativist: embracing a different way of knowing (in turn divided into the three themes of priming factors/personal fit; discovering qualitative research; and transitioning in); (2) Being a qualitativist: immersing oneself in a different kind of research (in turn divided into quality: doing qualitative research well; and community: mentors, mentees, and teams); and (3) Nurturing: toward a higher quality future in CAP (in turn divided into current state of qualitative methods in CAP; and advocating for qualitative methods in CAP). For each domain, we go on to propose specific strategies to enhance entry into qualitative careers and research in CAP: (1) Becoming: personalizing the investigator’s research focus; balancing inward and outward views; and leveraging practical advantages; (2) Being: seeking epistemological flexibility; moving beyond bibliometrics; and the potential and risks of mixing methods; and (3) Nurturing: invigorating a quality pipeline; and building communities. Conclusions: We have identified factors that can support or impede entry into qualitative research among CAPs. Based on these modifiable findings, we propose possible solutions to enhance entry into qualitative methods in CAP (pathways), and to foster longer-term commitment to this type of research (identity). © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Leal Filho W.; Abeldaño Zuñiga R.A.; Sierra J.; Dinis M.A.P.; Corazza L.; Nagy G.J.; Aina Y.A.	An assessment of priorities in handling climate change impacts on infrastructures	2024	Scientific Reports	10.1038/s41598-024-64606-3	Climate change (CC) will likely significantly impact the world’s infrastructure significantly. Rising temperatures, increased precipitation, and rising sea levels are all likely to stress critical infrastructures (CI). Rising temperatures can lead to infrastructure damage from extreme heat events. This can cause roads and bridges to buckle or crack, leading to costly repairs and potential traffic disruptions. In addition, heat waves can damage vital electrical infrastructure, leading to widespread power outages. In light of this context, this article reports on a study which examined the connections and impacts of CC on infrastructure. The study employed a mixed-method approach, combining bibliometric analysis for the period 1997–2022 with a series of relevant case studies from the five continents to offer insight into the impact of CC on infrastructure. The article fills a research gap in respect of assessments of the extent to which climate change (CC) negative influences the infrastructure, with a special focus on developing countries. It also showcases CI projects and adaptation measures being currently deployed, to address CC. The results show that the current infrastructure is vulnerable to CC. The selected case studies on CI adaptation show that in developing and industrialised countries, there is a perceived need to understand better the connections and potential impacts of CC on critical areas such as transport, settlements, and coastal infrastructure. In order to protect infrastructure from CC impacts, governments need to invest in measures such as flood control, early warning systems, and improved building codes. Additionally, they need to work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions more actively, which are the primary cause of CC. © The Author(s) 2024.	Climate change; Early warning systems; Floods; Infrastructure; Settlements; Transport
Hawk L.W.; Murphy T.F.; Hartmann K.E.; Burnett A.; Maguin E.	A randomized controlled trial of a team science intervention to enhance collaboration readiness and behavior among early career scholars in the Clinical and Translational Science Award network	2024	Journal of Clinical and Translational Science	10.1017/cts.2023.692	Introduction: Despite the central importance of cross-disciplinary collaboration in the Clinical and Translational Science Award (CTSA) network and the implementation of various programs designed to enhance collaboration, rigorous evidence for the efficacy of these approaches is lacking. We conducted a novel randomized controlled trial (RCT; ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT05395286) of a promising approach to enhance collaboration readiness and behavior among 95 early career scholars from throughout the CTSA network. Methods: Participants were randomly assigned (within two cohorts) to participate in an Innovation Lab, a week-long immersive collaboration experience, or to a treatment-as-usual control group. Primary outcomes were change in metrics of self-reported collaboration readiness (through 12-month follow-up) and objective collaboration network size from bibliometrics (through 21 months); secondary outcomes included self-reported number of grants submitted and, among Innovation Lab participants only, reactions to the Lab experience (through 12 months). Results: Short-term reactions from Innovation Lab participants were quite positive, and controlled evidence for a beneficial impact of Innovation Labs over the control condition was observed in the self-reported number of grant proposals in the intent-to-treat sample. Primary measures of collaboration readiness were near ceiling in both groups, limiting the ability to detect enhancement. Collaboration network size increased over time to a comparable degree in both groups. Conclusions: The findings highlight the need for systematic intervention development research to identify efficacious strategies that can be implemented throughout the CTSA network to better support the goal of enhanced cross-disciplinary collaboration.  © The Author(s), 2023. Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of The Association for Clinical and Translational Science.	collaboration; early career scholars; intervention; Team science; training
Ai S.; Li Y.; Zheng H.; Zhang M.; Tao J.; Liu W.; Peng L.; Wang Z.; Wang Y.	Collision of herbal medicine and nanotechnology: a bibliometric analysis of herbal nanoparticles from 2004 to 2023	2024	Journal of Nanobiotechnology	10.1186/s12951-024-02426-3	Background: Herbal nanoparticles are made from natural herbs/medicinal plants, their extracts, or a combination with other nanoparticle carriers. Compared to traditional herbs, herbal nanoparticles lead to improved bioavailability, enhanced stability, and reduced toxicity. Previous research indicates that herbal medicine nanomaterials are rapidly advancing and making significant progress; however, bibliometric analysis and knowledge mapping for herbal nanoparticles are currently lacking. We performed a bibliometric analysis by retrieving publications related to herbal nanoparticles from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database spanning from 2004 to 2023. Data processing was performed using the R package Bibliometrix, VOSviewers, and CiteSpace. Results: In total, 1876 articles related to herbal nanoparticles were identified, originating from various countries, with China being the primary contributing country. The number of publications in this field increases annually. Beijing University of Chinese Medicine, Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, and Saveetha University in India are prominent research institutions in this domain. The Journal “International Journal of Nanomedicine” has the highest number of publications. The number of authors of these publications reached 8234, with Yan Zhao, Yue Zhang, and Huihua Qu being the most prolific authors and Yan Zhao being the most frequently cited author. “Traditional Chinese medicine,” “drug delivery,” and “green synthesis” are the main research focal points. Themes such as “green synthesis,” “curcumin,” “wound healing,” “drug delivery,” and “carbon dots” may represent emerging research areas. Conclusions: Our study findings assist in identifying the latest research frontiers and hot topics, providing valuable references for scholars investigating the role of nanotechnology in herbal medicine. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Citespace; Herbal medicine; Herbal nanoparticles; Nanoparticles; Traditional Chinese medicine; VOSviewer
Ye X.; Zhao G.; Peng Q.; Dawkins C.; Kim J.; Wu L.	Global Trends in Housing Research over the Past three Decades	2024	Computational Urban Science	10.1007/s43762-024-00129-x	This paper reviews a large number of scholarly articles in the housing field spanning the last thirty years, from 1993 to 2022 by implementing bibliometric analysis method. We examine scientific outputs, identify influential articles, journals, international collaboration and evolution of research trends. Keywords such as “Housing price,” “Housing policy,” “Affordable housing,” “Homeownership,” “Housing market,” “Urban planning,” and “Neighborhood” have been identified as the most prevalently cited terms during this period. Furthermore, the prominence of terms such as “China,” “Gentrification,” “Public housing,” “Social housing,” “Homelessness,” “Migration,” “Urbanization,” “Energy,” “Inequality,” “Land use,” “Gender,” and “Foreclosure” have grown in importance, pointing to future research trends. The analysis also reveals that articles pertaining to the COVID-19 pandemic predominantly address the comprehensive effects of the virus on aspects of mental and physical health, consumer behavior, and economic and societal challenges. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Housing research; Housing studies; Literature review; Research trend
Fu L.; Aximu R.; Zhao G.; Chen Y.; Sun Z.; Xue H.; Wang S.; Zhang N.; Zhang Z.; Lei M.; Zhai Y.; Xu J.; Sun J.; Ma J.; Liu F.	Mapping the landscape: a bibliometric analysis of resting-state fMRI research on schizophrenia over the past 25 years	2024	Schizophrenia	10.1038/s41537-024-00456-2	Schizophrenia, a multifaceted mental disorder characterized by disturbances in thought, perception, and emotion, has been extensively investigated through resting-state fMRI, uncovering changes in spontaneous brain activity among those affected. However, a bibliometric examination regarding publication trends in resting-state fMRI studies related to schizophrenia is lacking. This study obtained relevant publications from the Web of Science Core Collection spanning the period from 1998 to 2022. Data extracted from these publications included information on countries/regions, institutions, authors, journals, and keywords. The collected data underwent analysis and visualization using VOSviewer software. The primary analyses included examination of international and institutional collaborations, authorship patterns, co-citation analyses of authors and journals, as well as exploration of keyword co-occurrence and temporal trend networks. A total of 859 publications were retrieved, indicating an overall growth trend from 1998 to 2022. China and the United States emerged as the leading contributors in both publication outputs and citations, with Central South University and the University of New Mexico being identified as the most productive institutions. Vince D. Calhoun had the highest number of publications and citation counts, while Karl J. Friston was recognized as the most influential author based on co-citations. Key journals such as Neuroimage, Schizophrenia Research, Schizophrenia Bulletin, and Biological Psychiatry played pivotal roles in advancing this field. Recent popular keywords included support vector machine, antipsychotic medication, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and related terms. This study systematically synthesizes the historical development, current status, and future trends in resting-state fMRI research in schizophrenia, offering valuable insights for future research directions. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Zhang L.; Yao Q.; Hu J.; Qiu B.; Xiao Y.; Zhang Q.; Zeng Y.; Zheng S.; Zhang Y.; Wan Y.; Zheng X.; Zeng Q.	Hotspots and trends of microglia in Alzheimer's disease: a bibliometric analysis during 2000–2022	2024	European Journal of Medical Research	10.1186/s40001-023-01602-9	Background: Alzheimer's disease is one common type of dementia. Numerous studies have suggested a correlation between Alzheimer's disease and inflammation. Microglia mainly participate in the inflammatory response in the brain. Currently, ample evidence has shown that microglia are closely related to the occurrence and development of Alzheimer's disease. Objective: We opted for bibliometric analysis to comprehensively summarize the advancements in the study of microglia in Alzheimer's disease, aiming to provide researchers with current trends and future research directions. Methods: All articles and reviews pertaining to microglia in Alzheimer's disease from 2000 to 2022 were downloaded through Web of Science Core Collection. The results were subjected to bibliometric analysis using VOSviewer 1.6.18 and CiteSpace 6.1 R2. Results: Overall, 7449 publications were included. The number of publications was increasing yearly. The United States has published the most publications. Harvard Medical School has published the most papers of all institutions. Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease and Journal of Neuroscience were the journals with the most studies and the most commonly cited, respectively. Mt Heneka is the author with the highest productivity and co-citation. After analysis, the most common keywords are neuroinflammation, amyloid-beta, inflammation, neurodegeneration. Gut microbiota, extracellular vesicle, dysfunction and meta-analysis are the hotspots of research at the present stage and are likely to continue. Conclusion: NLRP3 inflammasome, TREM2, gut microbiota, mitochondrial dysfunction, exosomes are research hotspots. The relationship between microglia-mediated neuroinflammation and Alzheimer's disease have been the focus of current research and the development trend of future research. © 2023, The Author(s).	Alzheimer’s disease; Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Microglia; VOSviewer
Buwaider A.; El-Hajj V.G.; Mahdi O.A.; Iop A.; Gharios M.; de Giorgio A.; Romero M.; Gerdhem P.; Jean W.C.; Edström E.; Elmi-Terander A.	Extended reality in cranial and spinal neurosurgery – a bibliometric analysis	2024	Acta Neurochirurgica	10.1007/s00701-024-06072-4	Purpose: This bibliometric analysis of the top 100 cited articles on extended reality (XR) in neurosurgery aimed to reveal trends in this research field. Gender differences in authorship and global distribution of the most-cited articles were also addressed. Methods: A Web of Science electronic database search was conducted. The top 100 most-cited articles related to the scope of this review were retrieved and analyzed for trends in publications, journal characteristics, authorship, global distribution, study design, and focus areas. After a brief description of the top 100 publications, a comparative analysis between spinal and cranial publications was performed. Results: From 2005, there was a significant increase in spinal neurosurgery publications with a focus on pedicle screw placement. Most articles were original research studies, with an emphasis on augmented reality (AR). In cranial neurosurgery, there was no notable increase in publications. There was an increase in studies assessing both AR and virtual reality (VR) research, with a notable emphasis on VR compared to AR. Education, surgical skills assessment, and surgical planning were more common themes in cranial studies compared to spinal studies. Female authorship was notably low in both groups, with no significant increase over time. The USA and Canada contributed most of the publications in the research field. Conclusions: Research regarding the use of XR in neurosurgery increased significantly from 2005. Cranial research focused on VR and resident education while spinal research focused on AR and neuronavigation. Female authorship was underrepresented. North America provides most of the high-impact research in this area. © The Author(s) 2024.	Augmented reality; Bibliometrics; Extended reality; Mixed reality; Neurosurgery; Virtual reality
Gong W.; Bai L.; Liang H.	Membrane-based technologies for removing emerging contaminants in urban water systems: Limitations, successes, and future improvements	2024	Desalination	10.1016/j.desal.2024.117974	Emerging contaminants (ECs) have been continuously discovered in recent years, posing high risks to human health and environmental safety. Due to their characteristics, such as environmental persistence and bioaccumulation, ECs have severe and often hidden hazards, necessitating effective control measures. Membrane-based technologies possess satisfactory feasibility in the treatment of ECs, which are considered green, efficient, and economically beneficial. Membrane technologies such as membrane separation and membrane bioreactor (MBR) treatment can efficiently remove some ECs. With the rapid development of materials science, membrane-based coupled technologies such as catalytic membranes and adsorption membranes have also achieved significant success, offering effective solutions for the treatment of refractory organic contaminants. This article systematically elucidated the effectiveness, progress, and shortcomings of membrane-based technologies in the field of ECs treatment in recent years. The trends of membrane-based technologies in the field of removal of ECs in the past two decades were described in detail, with a bibliometric analysis. The management situation of newly discovered microplastics (MPs) and antibiotic resistance genes (ARGs) was also discussed. This review provided reasonable insights into the application of membrane-based technologies in the removal of ECs and offers suggestions for future research directions. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Degradation; Emerging contaminants; Membrane-based technologies; Separation
Abbasi F.A.; Ngouna R.H.; Memon M.A.; Al Reshan M.S.; Sulaiman A.; Shaikh A.	Fostering UAM implementation: from bibliometric analysis to insightful knowledge on the demand	2024	Social Network Analysis and Mining	10.1007/s13278-024-01210-3	In the current era, a new class of lightweight, silent, and all-electric aircraft that can take off and land vertically is about to transform mobility in major urban centers. Safer and quieter than helicopters, and operating in some cases without a pilot, they can supplement land mobility. Indeed, urban air mobility (UAM) has recently been a hot topic for debate and scientific research. However, it requires new types of service and technology and a novel business model. For a successful implementation, this paper provides the most insightful knowledge and actors, focusing on demand assessment through current research advancements in the area of urban air mobility. For that purpose, bibliometric analysis has been conducted, using a four-step methodology based on the search of the most frequently used keywords. The research work investigated the needs of the main stakeholders and illustrated how UAM can mitigate the pressure put on decision-makers regarding the mobility demand. The results show recent trends in scientific publications and citations, most cited articles, countries, and organizations that are more involved in this research subject, keyword co-co-occurrence analysis to identify and analyze current research areas and their associated barriers and challenges, using the VOSviewer software and WoS analytic feature. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; eVTOL; Multi-dimensional urban mobility; Urban air mobility; Urban mobility; Urbanization
Jin Z.; Tian C.; Kang M.; Hu S.; Zhao L.; Zhang W.	Correction to: The 100 top-cited articles in menopausal syndrome: a bibliometric analysis (Reproductive Health, (2024), 21, 1, (47), 10.1186/s12978-024-01770-9)	2024	Reproductive Health 	10.1186/s12978-024-01807-z	After publication of this article [1], the authors reported that in the Funding section, an incorrect grant number was given; it has been removed. The original article has been updated by the authors. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Musa J.; Kochendoerfer S.M.; Willis F.; Sauerteig C.; Harnoss J.M.; Rompen I.F.; Grünewald T.G.P.; Al-Saeedi M.; Schneider M.; Harnoss J.-C.	The GIST of it all: management of gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST) from the first steps to tailored therapy. A bibliometric analysis	2024	Langenbeck's Archives of Surgery	10.1007/s00423-024-03271-6	Purpose: Improvement of patient care is associated with increasing publication numbers in biomedical research. However, such increasing numbers of publications make it challenging for physicians and scientists to screen and process the literature of their respective fields. In this study, we present a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the evolution of gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) research, analyzing the current state of the field and identifying key open questions going beyond the recent advantages for future studies to assess. Methods: Using the Web of Science Core Collection, 5040 GIST-associated publications in the years 1984–2022 were identified and analyzed regarding key bibliometric variables using the Bibliometrix R package and VOSviewer software. Results: GIST-associated publication numbers substantially increased over time, accentuated from year 2000 onwards, and being characterized by multinational collaborations. The main topic clusters comprise surgical management, tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) development/treatment, diagnostic workup, and molecular pathophysiology. Within all main topic clusters, a significant progress is reflected by the literature over the years. This progress ranges from conventional open surgical techniques over minimally invasive, including robotic and endoscopic, resection techniques to increasing identification of specific functional genetic aberrations sensitizing for newly developed TKIs being extensively investigated in clinical studies and implemented in GIST treatment guidelines. However, especially in locally advanced, recurrent, and metastatic disease stages, surgery-related questions and certain specific questions concerning (further-line) TKI treatment resistance were infrequently addressed. Conclusion: Increasing GIST-related publication numbers reflect a continuous progress in the major topic clusters of the GIST research field. Especially in advanced disease stages, questions related to the interplay between surgical approaches and TKI treatment sensitivity should be addressed in future studies. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometry; Gastrointestinal stromal tumor; GIST; Imatinib; TKI; Tyrosine kinase inhibitor
Akbaritabar A.; Theile T.; Zagheni E.	Bilateral flows and rates of international migration of scholars for 210 countries for the period 1998-2020	2024	Scientific Data	10.1038/s41597-024-03655-9	A lack of comprehensive migration data is a major barrier for understanding the causes and consequences of migration processes, including for specific groups like high-skilled migrants. We leverage large-scale bibliometric data from Scopus and OpenAlex to trace the global movements of scholars. Based on our empirical validations, we develop pre-processing steps and offer best practices for the measurement and identification of migration events. We have prepared a publicly accessible dataset that shows a high level of correlation between the counts of scholars in Scopus and OpenAlex for most countries. Although OpenAlex has more extensive coverage of non-Western countries, the highest correlations with Scopus are observed in Western countries. We share aggregated yearly estimates of international migration rates and of bilateral flows for 210 countries and areas worldwide for the period 1998–2020 and describe the data structure and usage notes. We expect that the publicly shared dataset will enable researchers to further study the causes and the consequences of migration of scholars to forecast the future mobility of academic talent worldwide. © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Wu J.; Wang Y.; Zhang M.; Sun X.	Publication trends of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and anti-VEGF treatment in neovascular age-related macular degeneration during 2001–2020: a 20-year bibliometric study	2024	International Ophthalmology	10.1007/s10792-024-02914-3	Purpose: This study sought to provide an overview of the current research and further analyze publication trends in the field of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and anti-VEGF treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (NVAMD). Methods: We downloaded all related publications from 2001 to 2020 from the Web of Science Core Collection and conducted a bibliometric analysis using the bibiometrix package in R programming software. Results: A total of 3717 publications were included in the analysis. The USA contributed the largest number of publications (1443), and achieved the highest number of citations (74,946) and H-index value (28). Johns Hopkins University, USA, was the top institution with the most publications, and Peter A. Campochiaro was the most productive professor at The Wilmer Eye Institute, USA. 9.60% of the total publications were from the Journal of Retinal and Vitreous Diseases. Trend analysis demonstrated that anti-VEGF therapy was introduced in early 2000 after steroids, and the last 2 decades have witnessed the blossom of several anti-VEGF agents. “Treat-and-extend” and “resistance” were two popular trend topics in recent years. Conclusions: The USA occupies a dominant position in the research field of VEGF and anti-VEGF treatments in NVAMD. Steroid administration, photodynamic therapy, and anti-VEGF therapy have been pivotal advances in the treatment of NVAMD patients over the past 2 decades. Limited acting period and resistance are potential investigation directions in future studies. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Neovascular age-related macular degeneration; Research trend
Eckart C.; Reif A.	The research landscape of bipolar disorder in Germany: productive, but underfunded	2024	International Journal of Bipolar Disorders	10.1186/s40345-024-00344-9	Background: The recurrent mental illness bipolar disorder is a major burden on the healthcare system, which underlines the importance of research into this disease. Germany is one of the most productive countries in this research activity. This bibliometric analysis aims to outline the social and conceptual structure of the German research landscape on bipolar disorder over the last decade. Furthermore, we provide a short overview over current public funding. Results: Concerning the social structure, most of the German publications were collaboration projects, both with a national but also international orientation, in the latter case predominantly with countries of the global North. Analysis of the conceptual structure of German research activity identified psychiatric genetics, early recognition of bipolar disorder, neuroimaging, and pharmacological interventions as important topics within the field. In the context of a survey, only few publicly funded research projects were reported, many of which did not exclusively investigate bipolar disorder but followed a transdiagnostic approach. Conclusions: Our bibliometric analysis revealed internationally well-networked German research activities on bipolar disorder. In stark contrast to its high prevalence and correspondingly high financial burden to the healthcare system, current grant support for research on this illness is strikingly low, particularly concerning the development of novel treatments. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Bipolar disorder; Germany; Research landscape
Zhang J.Y.; Ezzat B.; Coenen R.J.J.; Price G.; Asfaw Z.; Carr M.T.; Schupper A.J.; Choudhri T.	Bibliometric and trend analysis of the top 100 most-cited articles on lateral interbody fusion (LIF)	2024	Neurosurgical Review	10.1007/s10143-024-02464-3	Purpose: Lateral interbody fusion (LIF) is an increasingly popular minimally-invasive spine procedure. This study identifies notable trends in LIF literature and provides a detailed review of the bibliometric aspects of the top 100 most-cited articles. Methods: Articles were queried from the Web of Science database. Inclusion criteria consisted of peer-reviewed articles, full-text availability, and LIF focus. Network analysis including co-authorship mapping and bibliographic coupling were complemented by trend analysis to determine prominent contributors and themes. Analyses were conducted using VOSviewer and Bibliometrix (RStudio). Results: There has been a rapid increase in LIF publication and citation count since 1998. Leading journals were Spine (n = 24), Journal of Neurosurgery Spine (n = 22), and European Spine Journal (n = 12). NuVasive funded the most publications (n = 17), followed by DePuy Synthes Spine (n = 4). The United States was the most represented country (n = 81); however, trend analysis suggests a steadily growing international contribution. The most prolific author was J.S. Uribe (n = 16), followed by a tie in second place by E. Dakwar and L. Pimenta (n = 8). The most frequent keywords, “complication” (n = 34), “surgery” (n = 30), and “outcomes” (n = 24), demonstrated a patient-centric theme. Conclusions: This bibliometric analysis provides in-depth insights into the evolution and trends of LIF over the last two decades. The trends and themes identified demonstrate the innovative, collaborative, and patient-focused characteristics of this subfield. Future researchers can use this as a foundation for understanding the past and present state of LIF research while designing investigations. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometrics; Fusion; Interbody; Lateral; Lumbar; Minimally-invasive
Chen S.-Y.; Liao J.; Huang P.-X.; Wu K.-F.; Deng L.-M.	Bibliometric and visualized analysis of type 2 diabetic osteoporosis from 2013 to 2022	2024	Archives of Osteoporosis	10.1007/s11657-024-01386-3	Summary : Type 2 diabetic osteoporosis (T2DOP) has received increasing attention from researchers. In this study, a total of 453 publications related to T2DOP from 2013 to 2022 were analyzed using bibliometric and visual analysis to identify the research trends and research hotspots in the field of T2DOP. Purpose: The objective of this study was to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of T2DOP-related publications from 2013 to 2022 to determine global research trends in T2DOP in terms of number of publications, countries/regions, institutions, authors, journals, funding agencies, and keywords. Methods: All data were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). All original research publications regarding T2DOP from 2013 to 2022 were retrieved. VOSviewer and Microsoft Office Excel were used to conduct the bibliometric and visual analysis. Results: From 2013 to 2022, 515 relevant publications were published, with a peak in 2022 in the annual number of publications. The countries leading the research were USA and China. Sugimoto was the most influential authors. Capital Medical University and Nanjing Medical University were the most prolific institutions. Osteoporosis International was the most productive journal concerning T2DOP research. National Natural Science Foundation of China was the primary funding source for this research area. “Bone-mineral density”, “fracture risk”, and “postmenopausal women” were the most high-frequency keywords over the past 10 years. Conclusion: This was the first bibliometric study of diabetes mellitus and osteoporosis to exclusively examine type 2 diabetes mellitus. Our findings would provide guidance to understand the research frontiers and hot directions in the near future. © International Osteoporosis Foundation and Bone Health and Osteoporosis Foundation 2024.	Bibliometric; Type 2 diabetic osteoporosis; Visualized analysis; VOSviewer
Xiaodong Z.; Shan G.; Wenjin H.; Lijun L.; Menglong J.; Longtan Y.	Visual analysis of treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis	2025	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2025.137	BACKGROUND: At present, the incidence of scoliosis is increasing year by year, especially in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis. Therefore, it is more and more important to strengthen the research on the treatment of adolescent scoliosis. OBJECTIVE: To summarize the current status, hotspots, emerging trends, and frontiers of global research on the treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis to provide reference and guidance for future related research. METHODS: The literature related to the treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis was retrieved on the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database from 2013 to 2023. CiteSpace 6.2.R1 software was used for visual analysis of countries, institutions, authors, and keywords. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) A total of 561 English articles were included in this study. Among countries, institutions, and authors, the United States has contributed the most. Nanjing University and Qiu, Yong (Affiliated Drum Tower Hospital, Nanjing University School of Medicine) are the most published institution and author. The academic journal with the largest number of articles is the European Spine Journal. (2) In the analysis of cited literature, the top 10 most cited articles mainly describe the effects of surgical treatment and conservative treatment on improving adolescent idiopathic scoliosis, especially improving the curvature of patients. (3) Through the summary of highly cited articles and the keyword clustering, keyword prominence in-depth mining, the research hotspots are currently the relationship between Cobb angle and treatment choice, the therapeutic effect of exercise therapy and the therapeutic effect of posterior vertebral fusion. (4) The prognosis of patients with different curvatures has not been studied in depth, and the etiology of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis has not been clarified, so the relationship between curvature and prognosis and the etiology of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis may be a new research trend in the future. © 2025, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	adolescent idiopathic scoliosis; bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Cobb angle; hot spots; treatment; trends; visual analysis
Li X.; Zhang J.; Zhang S.; Shi S.; Lu Y.; Leng Y.; Li C.	Biomarkers for neuromyelitis optica: A visual analysis of emerging research trends	2024	Neural Regeneration Research	10.4103/NRR.NRR-D-24-00109	Neuromyelitis optica is an inflammatory demyelinating disease of the central nervous system that differs from multiple sclerosis. Over the past 20 years, the search for biomarkers for neuromyelitis optica has been ongoing. Here, we used a bibliometric approach to analyze the main research focus in the field of biomarkers for neuromyelitis optica. Research in this area is consistently increasing, with China and the United States leading the way on the number of studies conducted. The Mayo Clinic is a highly reputable institution in the United States, and was identified as the most authoritative institution in this field. Furthermore, Professor Wingerchuk from the Mayo Clinic was the most authoritative expert in this field. Keyword analysis revealed that the terms 'neuromyelitis optica' (261 times), 'multiple sclerosis' (220 times), 'neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder' (132 times), 'aquaporin 4' (99 times), and 'optical neuritis' (87 times) were the most frequently used keywords in literature related to this field. Comprehensive analysis of the classical literature showed that the majority of publications provide conclusive research evidence supporting the use of aquaporin-4-IgG and neuromyelitis optica-IgG to effectively diagnose and differentiate neuromyelitis optica from multiple sclerosis. Furthermore, aquaporin-4-IgG has emerged as a highly specific diagnostic biomarker for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder. Myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein-IgG is a diagnostic biomarker for myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody-Associated disease. Recent biomarkers for neuromyelitis optica include cerebrospinal fluid immunological biomarkers such as glial fibrillary acidic protein, serum astrocyte damage biomarkers like FAM19A5, serum albumin, and gamma-Aminobutyric acid. The latest prospective clinical trials are exploring the potential of these biomarkers. Preliminary results indicate that glial fibrillary acidic protein is emerging as a promising candidate biomarker for neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder. The ultimate goal of future research is to identify non-invasive biomarkers with high sensitivity, specificity, and safety for the accurate diagnosis of neuromyelitis optica. © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.	aquaporin-4; autoantibody; multiple sclerosis; myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein antibody-Associated disease; neuromyelitis optica; neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder; optical coherence tomography
Grillo R.; Al-Moraissi E.; Stanbouly D.; Samieirad S.; Balel Y.; Melhem-Elias F.	A global landscape analysis of the impact, trends, and dissemination in oral and maxillofacial surgery research	2024	Journal of Stomatology, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery	10.1016/j.jormas.2024.101802	Objective: This study aims to comprehensively analyze the global landscape of oral and maxillofacial surgery (OMFS) literature through bibliometrics. The research focuses on evaluating publication trends, influential topics, and the impact of scholarly works within the field. Methods: Following the principles of the Leiden Manifesto, a literature search was conducted using the Web of Science database, encompassing seven OMFS journals. A total of 18,218 publications were analyzed, with indicators such as publication language, geographic location, specialty, year, citation, and authorship examined. Statistical analyses, including Pearson correlation tests and angular coefficient calculations, were performed in RStudio. Results: The study revealed a strong upward trend in publications related to orthognathic surgery, trauma, and infections. Geographic analysis indicated a dominance of European and Asian contributions, with the USA leading in overall publications. The impact of self-citations was explored, emphasizing nuanced perspectives on their role in scholarly impact metrics. The data provided insights into the scholarly impact of OMFS publications, including the H-index, number of citations, and citing articles. Conclusion: The findings underscored potential global discrepancies in OMFS research, both geographically and in terms of topics covered. The study discussed the influence of language and journal impact on citation counts, emphasizing the role of English publications. Specific topics, such as trauma and infections, exhibited high scholarly interest and citation rates. Recommendations were made to encourage submissions on specific topics, such as cosmetic surgery and pathology, to enhance the diversity of OMFS literature. The study aims to foster international collaboration and leverage bibliometrics for evidence-based decision-making, educational strategies, and advancements in the dynamic field of oral and maxillofacial surgery. © 2024 Elsevier Masson SAS	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometrics; Maxillofacial injuries; Orthognathic surgery; Rhinoplasty; Surgery, Oral
Zyoud S.H.; Alalalmeh S.O.; Hegazi O.E.; Shakhshir M.; Abushamma F.; Al-Jabi S.W.	An examination of global research trends for exploring the associations between the gut microbiota and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease through bibliometric and visualization analysis	2024	Gut Pathogens	10.1186/s13099-024-00624-w	Background: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is increasingly recognized as a significant health issue. Emerging research has focused on the role of the gut microbiota in NAFLD, emphasizing the gut-liver axis. This study aimed to identify key research trends and guide future investigations in this evolving area. Methods: This bibliometric study utilized Scopus to analyze global research on the link between the gut microbiota and NAFLD. The method involved a search strategy focusing on relevant keywords in article titles, refined by including only peer-reviewed journal articles. The data analysis included bibliometric indicators such as publication counts and trends, which were visualized using VOSviewer software version 1.6.20 for network and co-occurrence analysis, highlighting key research clusters and emerging topics. Results: Among the 479 publications on the gut microbiota and NAFLD, the majority were original articles (n = 338; 70.56%), followed by reviews (n = 119; 24.84%). The annual publication count increased from 1 in 2010 to 118 in 2022, with a significant growth phase starting in 2017 (R2 = 0.9025, p < 0.001). The research was globally distributed and dominated by China (n = 231; 48.23%) and the United States (n = 90; 18.79%). The University of California, San Diego, led institutional contributions (n = 18; 3.76%). Funding was prominent, with 62.8% of the articles supported, especially by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (n = 118; 24.63%). The average citation count was 43.23, with an h-index of 70 and a citation range of 0 to 1058 per article. Research hotspots shifted their focus post-2020 toward the impact of high-fat diets on NAFLD incidence. Conclusions: This study has effectively mapped the growing body of research on the gut microbiota-NAFLD relationship, revealing a significant increase in publications since 2017. There is significant interest in gut microbiota and NAFLD research, mainly led by China and the United States, with diverse areas of focus. Recently, the field has moved toward exploring the interconnections among diet, lifestyle, and the gut-liver axis. We hypothesize that with advanced technologies, new opportunities for personalized medicine and a holistic understanding of NAFLD will emerge. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric; Gut microbiota; NAFLD; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Visualization
Abushamma F.; Zyoud S.H.	Analyzing global research trends and focal points in the utilization of laser techniques for the treatment of urolithiasis from 1978 to 2022: visualization and bibliometric analysis	2024	Urolithiasis	10.1007/s00240-024-01568-1	Laser lithotripsy is gaining global prominence and is a dynamically progressing field marked by a continual influx of new and comprehensive research each year. Recently, there has been a noticeable shift toward the adoption of various kinds of lasers, such as holmium: yttrium–aluminum-garnet (Ho:YAG) and thulium fiber (TFL) lasers. Consequently, we aim to conduct a bibliometric analysis to analyze key areas of research activity within scientific publications that center on the utilization of laser techniques in urolithiasis. A search of the literature spanning from 1978 to 2022 was carried out on 25 December 2023 using the Scopus database to explore research related to the application of laser techniques for urolithiasis treatment. Visualization analysis was performed using VOSviewer software (version 1.6.20). We examined 962 publications that met the specified criteria, 791 (82.22%) of which were original articles. The analysis of the retrieved publications indicated a consistent increase in research output from 1978 to 2022; a particularly noteworthy surge occurred after 2003. In particular, the U.S. claimed the leading position as the most productive country, contributing 211 articles (21.93%). However, India had the highest research productivity according to the adjustment index of 19.08. In the European region, 324 publications (33.68% of the total) originated from 25 countries. The Journal of Endourology contributed the most between 1978 and 2022 (n = 96, 9.98%). The most cited paper examined the effectiveness of holmium: yttrium–aluminum-garnet (Ho:YAG) lasers, while a subsequent study focused on the use of a thulium fiber laser (TFL), an emerging laser technology that has gained increased recognition. Co-occurrence analysis revealed three distinct clusters focusing on the types of laser technology, minimally invasive approaches, and success rate/postoperative complications. This comprehensive investigation delves into the global landscape of laser use for the treatment of urolithiasis. This review supports the emerging clinical concept of using various types of laser technology for urolithiasis treatment. Moreover, the hot issues that researchers should focus on based on the findings of this study are the use of different types of laser lithotripsy in view of the surgical approach, success rate and complications. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric; Laser techniques; Renal calculi; Scopus; Urolithiasis; Visualization
Jiang S.; Pan X.; Li H.; Su Y.	Global trends and developments in mindfulness interventions for diabetes: a bibliometric study	2024	Diabetology and Metabolic Syndrome	10.1186/s13098-024-01288-x	Background: Diabetes is a metabolic disorder posing a global threat to health. Many scholars are dedicated to developing non-pharmacological therapies, and mindfulness intervention is among the potentially effective approaches. Due to the rapid increase in relevant research in recent years, along with the diverse focus and interventions used in studies, it has become challenging for practitioners to quickly comprehend the key features of this field and the directions worth paying attention to. Bibliometric analysis, in response, can help scholars understand this field and identify points of interest. Methods: Publications related to mindfulness intervention in diabetes from the establishment of the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) to September 2023 were searched. We employed four bibliometric techniques: General Analysis of Publications, Collaborative Network Analysis, Co-citation Analysis, and Keyword Analysis. The CiteSpace 6.1.R was used to analyze the literature with the strongest citation bursts, while VOSviewer 1.6.13 was used to provide visualizations of publicly available data by analyzing co-citations or co-authorship affiliations. Results: We found a total of 387 articles. The results indicate that research on this topic has been steadily increasing over time. The United States is the top producer of relevant publications, with Tilburg University being the institution that publishes the most articles. The journal “Mindfulness” has the highest publication count. In the collaborative network analysis, the United States emerged as the main hub for global cooperation in this research field, contributing 182 articles with a total of 5872 citations. The journal “Diabetes Care” was frequently cited and played a central role. The keyword analysis revealed that researchers have shown a strong interest in how mindfulness interventions affect the mental health of diabetic individuals. Additionally, there is a focus on studying elderly diabetic groups and exploring how mindfulness interventions impact metabolic diseases. These areas are currently the main research priorities. Conclusion: Our findings demonstrate the current trend and hotspots in mindfulness intervention and offer some directions for future research. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Diabetes; Intervention; Mindfulness; Web of Science Core Collection
Zyoud S.H.	Analyzing global research trends and focal points of pyoderma gangrenosum from 1930 to 2023: visualization and bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Translational Medicine	10.1186/s12967-024-05306-4	[No abstract available]	N/A
Liao S.; Lavender C.; Zhai H.	Factors influencing the research impact in cancer research: a collaboration and knowledge network analysis	2024	Health Research Policy and Systems	10.1186/s12961-024-01205-8	Background: Cancer is a major public health challenge globally. However, little is known about the evolution patterns of cancer research communities and the influencing factors of their research capacity and impact, which is affected not only by the social networks established through research collaboration but also by the knowledge networks in which the research projects are embedded. Methods: The focus of this study was narrowed to a specific topic – 'synthetic lethality’ – in cancer research. This field has seen vibrant growth and multidisciplinary collaboration in the past decade. Multi-level collaboration and knowledge networks were established and analysed on the basis of bibliometric data from ‘synthetic lethality’-related cancer research papers. Negative binomial regression analysis was further applied to explore how node attributes within these networks, along with other potential factors, affected paper citations, which are widely accepted as proxies for assessing research capacity and impact. Results: Our study revealed that the synthetic lethality-based cancer research field is characterized by a knowledge network with high integration, alongside a collaboration network exhibiting some clustering. We found significant correlations between certain factors and citation counts. Specifically, a leading status within the nation-level international collaboration network and industry involvement were both found to be significantly related to higher citations. In the individual-level collaboration networks, lead authors’ degree centrality has an inverted U-shaped relationship with citations, while their structural holes exhibit a positive and significant effect. Within the knowledge network, however, only measures of structural holes have a positive and significant effect on the number of citations. Conclusions: To enhance cancer research capacity and impact, non-leading countries should take measures to enhance their international collaboration status. For early career researchers, increasing the number of collaborators seems to be more effective. University–industry cooperation should also be encouraged, enhancing the integration of human resources, technology, funding, research platforms and medical resources. Insights gained through this study also provide recommendations to researchers or administrators in designing future research directions from a knowledge network perspective. Focusing on unique issues especially interdisciplinary fields will improve output and influence their research work. © The Author(s) 2024.	Cancer research; Collaboration network; International collaboration; Knowledge network; Paper citations; Research capacity and impact; Synthetic lethality
Chen Y.; Shen P.; He Y.; Zeng D.; Li Y.; Zhang Y.; Chen M.; Liu C.	Bibliometric analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies on chronic pain over the past 20 years	2024	Acta Neurochirurgica	10.1007/s00701-024-06204-w	Purpose: The utilization of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in studying the mechanisms and treatment of chronic pain has gained significant popularity. However, there is currently a dearth of literature conducting bibliometric analysis on fMRI studies focused on chronic pain. Methods: All the literature included in this study was obtained from the Science Citation Index Expanded of Web of Science Core Collection. We used CiteSpace and VOSviewer to analyze publications, authors, countries or regions, institutions, journals, references and keywords. Additionally, we evaluated the timeline and burst analysis of keywords, as well as the timeline and burst analysis of references. The search was conducted from 2004 to 2023 and completed within a single day on October 4th, 2023. Results: A total of 1,327 articles were retrieved. The annual publication shows an overall increasing trend. The United States has the highest number of publications and the main contributing institution is Harvard University. The journal PAIN produces the most articles. In recent years, resting-state fMRI, the prefrontal cortex, nucleus accumbens, thalamus, and migraines have been researched hotspots of fMRI studies on chronic pain. Conclusions: This study provides an in-depth perspective on fMRI for chronic pain research, revealing key points, research hotspots and research trends, which offers valuable ideas for future research activities. It concludes with a summary of advances in clinical practice in this area, pointing out the need for critical evaluation of these findings in the light of guidelines and expert recommendations. It is anticipated that further high-quality research outputs will be generated in the future, which will facilitate the utilization of fMRI in clinical decision-making for chronic pain. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Chronic pain; Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI); Human brain
Limbu M.S.; Xiong T.; Wang S.	A review of Ribosome profiling and tools used in Ribo-seq data analysis	2024	Computational and Structural Biotechnology Journal	10.1016/j.csbj.2024.04.051	Translational regulation plays the most critical role in gene expression. Ribosome profiling sequencing (Ribo-Seq) is one of the methods to study translation and its regulation. It is a high throughput technology based on deep sequencing, which targets ribosome protected mRNA fragments to produce a ‘global snapshot’ of translatome. There has been an annual increase in the number of publications incorporating Ribo-seq technology. Because of its importance, we used PubMed database to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric analysis on Ribo-seq. We identified 2744 published articles that utilized the term ‘Ribo-seq’ between 2009 and Jan 2024, and 684 articles that contained both Ribo-seq and RNA-seq terms. Based on keywords correlation analysis, we discovered that the primary focus of Ribo-seq articles lies in the areas of translation, transcriptome, and ribosome in the past few years and other topics such as single-cell ribo-seq and crispr within two years, reflecting current areas of interests in Ribo-seq research. The Ribo-seq data analysis applications were also explored and summarized, providing a guide for researchers to choose corresponding tools for different types of analysis. Overall, we highlighted the advances made by Ribo-seq technologies, and the possibilities of utilizing machine learning models to unravel information from multi-omics data. The integration of Ribo-seq with other omics data, such as RNA-seq, is essential to understand the gene expression in complex biological systems. © 2024 The Authors	Gene expression; Multi-omics analysis; Ribo-seq; Ribosome profiling; RNA-seq
Jin Z.; Tian C.; Kang M.; Hu S.; Zhao L.; Zhang W.	The 100 top-cited articles in menopausal syndrome: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Reproductive Health 	10.1186/s12978-024-01770-9	Background: Significant scientific research has been conducted concerning menopausal syndrome(MPS), yet few bibliometric analyses have been performed. Our aim was to recognise the 100 most highly cited published articles on MPS and to analytically evaluate their key features. Methods: To identify the 100 most frequently cited articles, a search was conducted on Web of Science using the term 'menopausal syndrome'. Articles that matched the predetermined criteria were scrutinised to obtain the following data: citation ranking, year of publication, publishing journal, journal impact factor, country of origin, academic institution, authors, study type, and keywords. Results: The publication period is from January 1, 2000, to August 31, 2022. The maximum number of citations was 406 and in 2012. The median citations per year was 39.70. Most of the articles focused on treatment and complications. These articles were published in 36 different journals, with the Journal of MENOPAUSE having published the greatest number (14%). Forty-eight articles (48%) were from the United States, with the University of Pittsburgh being the leading institute (9%). Joann E. Manson was the most frequent first author (n = 6). Observational studies were the most frequently conducted research type (n = 53), followed by experimental studies (n = 33). Keyword analysis identified classic research topics, including genitourinary syndrome of menopause, bone mineral density (BMD), and anti-mullerian hormone (AMH) loci. Conclusion: Using bibliometrics, we conducted an analysis to identify the inadequacies, traditional focal points, and potential prospects in the study of MPS across current scientific areas. Treatment and complications are at the core of MPS research, whereas prediction and biomarkers have less literature of high quality. There is a necessity for innovative analytical metrics to measure the real effect of these papers with a high level of citation on clinical application. © The Author(s) 2024. corrected publication 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Menopausal syndrome; Systematic review
Kilkenny C.J.; Farooq F.; Hurley E.T.; Daly G.R.; Dowling G.P.; Whelehan S.P.; Mullett H.	A bibliometric analysis of the top 50 cited studies related to acromioclavicular joint instability	2024	Journal of Orthopaedics	10.1016/j.jor.2024.06.037	Background: Acromioclavicular joint (ACJ) injury is a common orthopaedic condition accounting for over 40 % of all shoulder injuries. The purpose of this study is to assess the research trends and characteristics of the top 50 cited articles on ACJ instability. Methods: A systematic search was conducted in Web of Science to identify articles primarily related to ACJ injury or instability. Characteristics including citation number, country of origin, journal and institution of publication, impact factor, authorship, level of evidence, patient demographics, and study type were analyzed and recorded. Results: Research output on ACJ instability has been steadily increasing, with the top 50 cited studies predominantly presenting Level IV evidence. These studies primarily focused on treatment outcomes which included predominantly male patients and exhibited a large variation in citation counts. The American Journal of Sports Medicine was the most productive journal, and the USA was the most productive nation. Conclusion: There is an increasing number of publications in the ACJ instability literature, primarily concentrated in a few institutions and journals, and focusing mainly on treatment outcomes. A significant portion of these publications are of low scientific quality, and there is a notable lack of research on outcomes for females. © 2024 The Authors	Acromioclavicular joint; Instability; Shoulder; Sports injury; Treatment outcomes
Huang J.; Zhang L.; Li B.; Lian Y.; Lin X.; Li Z.; Zhang B.; Feng Z.	Bibliometric and visual analysis in the field of two-dimensions nano black phosphorus in cancer from 2015 to 2023	2024	Discover Oncology	10.1007/s12672-024-01104-y	This study aims to provide a comprehensive summary of the status and trends of Two-Dimensional Nano Black Phosphorus (2D nano BP) in cancer research from 2015 to 2023, offering insights for future studies. To achieve this, articles from the Web of Science database published between 2015 and 2023 were analyzed using R and VOSviewer software. The analysis included 446 articles, revealing a consistent increase in publication rates, especially between 2017 and 2019. China emerged as a leader in both publication volume and international collaborations. Prominent journals in this field included ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces and Advanced Materials, while key researchers were identified as Zhang Han, Tao Wei, and Yu Xuefeng. The analysis highlighted common keywords such as drug delivery, photothermal therapy, photodynamic therapy, and immunotherapy, indicating the major research focuses. The findings suggest that 2D nano BP holds significant promise in cancer treatment research, with a growing global interest. This study thus serves as a valuable reference for future investigations, providing a detailed analysis of the current state and emerging trends in this promising field. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Drug delivery; Immunotherapy; Nano black phosphorus; Photothermal therapy
Cascella M.; Monaco F.; Vittori A.; Elshazly M.; Carlucci A.; Piazza O.	Bridging knowledge gaps: a bibliometric analysis of non-invasive ventilation in palliative care studies	2024	Journal of Anesthesia, Analgesia and Critical Care	10.1186/s44158-024-00140-y	Background: Despite being a useful strategy for providing respiratory support to patients with advanced or terminal illnesses, non-invasive ventilation (NIV) requires in-depth investigation in several key aspects. Objectives: This bibliometric analysis seeks to comprehensively examine the existing research on the subject. Its goal is to uncover valuable insights that can inform the prediction trajectory of studies, guide the implementation of corrective measures, and contribute to the improvement of research networks. Methods: A comprehensive review of literature on NIV in the context of palliative care was conducted using the Web of Science core collection online database. The search utilized the key terms “non-invasive ventilation” and “palliative care” to identify the most relevant articles. All data were gathered on November 7, 2023. Relevant information from documents meeting the specified criteria was extracted, and Journal Citation Reports™ 2022 (Clarivate Analytics) served as the data source. The analysis employed literature analysis and knowledge visualization tools, specifically CiteScope (version 6.2.R4) and VOSviewer (version 1.6.20). Results: A dataset with bibliometric findings from 192 items was analyzed. We found a consistent upward of the scientific output trend over time. Guidelines on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis management received the highest number of citations. Most documents were published in top-ranked journals. Less than one-third of the documents pertain to clinical studies, especially retrospective analyses (25%). Key topics such as “decision making”, and “communication” were less addressed. Conclusions: Given the substantial clinical implications, further high-quality studies on this subject are recommended. Encouraging international collaborations is needed. Despite the growing volume of documents in the field, this bibliometric analysis indicates a decline in collaborative networks. © The Author(s) 2024.	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; Bibliometrics; Cancer; CiteSpace; Non-invasive ventilation; Palliative care; Specialized palliative care; VOSviewer
Guo C.; Liu L.; Zhang J.; Zhao K.; Chen Y.; Huang C.; Li S.	Bibliometric analysis of the top 100 highly cited articles on sublobectomy for non-small cell lung cancer	2024	Journal of Cardiothoracic Surgery	10.1186/s13019-024-02854-0	Objectives: The goal of this research is to pinpoint the top 100 most frequently referenced studies on sublobectomy for non-small cell lung cancer. Methods: We identified the top 100 most frequently referenced studies on sublobectomy for non-small cell lung cancer by searching the Web of Science database. We extracted key information from the selected studies, including the author, journal, impact factor, type of article, year of publication, country, organization, and keyword. Results: To the best of our understanding, this is the inaugural bibliometric study on sublobectomy for non-small cell lung cancer. The publication years of the top 100 most frequently referenced studies span from 1994 to 2022, with citation counts ranging from 51 to 795. The majority of the included studies are original (93/100) and primarily retrospective studies (82/93). The United States leads in terms of published articles and citations, with the Annals of Thoracic Surgery being the most frequently sourced journal (n = 27). High-density keywords primarily originate from limited resection, lobectomy, survival, carcinoma, recurrence, randomized trial, radiotherapy, lung cancer, outcome, 2 cm, as revealed by CiteSpace analysis. Conclusions: Our research compiles and analyzes the top 100 most frequently referenced studies in the field of sublobectomy for non-small cell lung cancer. The United States has the most published and cited works on this topic. Currently, the hot keywords for sublobectomy research are gradually shifting towards prognosis and obtaining better evidence-based medical evidence to demonstrate its value in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Citations; Clinical trial; Non-small cell lung cancer; Recurrence; Sublobectomy
Bardini R.; Di Carlo S.	Computational methods for biofabrication in tissue engineering and regenerative medicine - a literature review	2024	Computational and Structural Biotechnology Journal	10.1016/j.csbj.2023.12.035	This literature review rigorously examines the growing scientific interest in computational methods for Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine biofabrication, a leading-edge area in biomedical innovation, emphasizing the need for accurate, multi-stage, and multi-component biofabrication process models. The paper presents a comprehensive bibliometric and contextual analysis, followed by a literature review, to shed light on the vast potential of computational methods in this domain. It reveals that most existing methods focus on single biofabrication process stages and components, and there is a significant gap in approaches that utilize accurate models encompassing both biological and technological aspects. This analysis underscores the indispensable role of these methods in understanding and effectively manipulating complex biological systems and the necessity for developing computational methods that span multiple stages and components. The review concludes that such comprehensive computational methods are essential for developing innovative and efficient Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine biofabrication solutions, driving forward advancements in this dynamic and evolving field. © 2023 The Author(s)	Biofabrication; Computational biology; Optimization via simulation; Regenerative medicine; Tissue engineering
Guatibonza A.; Solaque L.; Velasco A.; Peñuela L.	Assistive Robotics for Upper Limb Physical Rehabilitation: A Systematic Review and Future Prospects	2024	Chinese Journal of Mechanical Engineering (English Edition)	10.1186/s10033-024-01056-y	Physical assistive robotics are oriented to support and improve functional capacities of people. In physical rehabilitation, robots are indeed useful for functional recovery of affected limb. However, there are still open questions related to technological aspects. This work presents a systematic review of upper limb rehabilitation robotics in order to analyze and establish technological challenges and future directions in this area. A bibliometric analysis was performed for the systematic literature review. Literature from the last six years, conducted between August 2020 and May 2021, was reviewed. The methodology for the literature search and a bibliometric analysis of the metadata are presented. After a preliminary search resulted in 820 articles, a total of 66 articles were included. A concurrency network and bibliographic analysis were provided. And an analysis of occurrences, taxonomy, and rehabilitation robotics reported in the literature is presented. This review aims to provide to the scientific community an overview of the state of the art in assistive robotics for upper limb physical rehabilitation. The literature analysis allows access to a gap of unexplored options to define the technological prospects applied to upper limb physical rehabilitation robotics. © The Author(s) 2024.	Assistive robotics; Human-machine interaction; Rehabilitation; Rehabilitation monitoring; Robotic systems; Upper limb; Virtual reality
Lim W.M.; Kumar S.; Donthu N.	How to combine and clean bibliometric data and use bibliometric tools synergistically: Guidelines using metaverse research	2024	Journal of Business Research	10.1016/j.jbusres.2024.114760	Bibliometrics (or scientometrics) is a powerful technique to assess the trajectory of scientific research. Building on the Journal of Business Research's seminal guides for bibliometric analysis—i.e., “How to conduct a bibliometric analysis: An overview and guidelines” and “Guidelines for advancing theory and practice through bibliometric research”—and using metaverse research as a case, this article presents in-depth procedural guidelines for (i) combing and cleaning bibliometric data from multiple databases (Scopus and Web of Science) and (ii) conducting bibliometric analysis using multiple tools (bibliometrix and VOSviewer). Besides serving as a guide to harness the potential of bibliometrics for insightful assessments of scientific research, this article provides noteworthy insights into various features of the metaverse. This includes an examination of decentralized systems and the integration of digital assets, alongside innovations, the influence of industrial revolutions, and ethical and sustainable development. The dynamics of digital identity, ownership, and business models are explored in tandem with engagement strategies and multi-disciplinary perspectives of the metaverse. This comprehensive analysis also addresses metaverse challenges, market behaviors, and marketing strategies. Collectively, these insights offer a robust foundation for scholars, practitioners, and policymakers to shape the future of the metaverse with clarity, purpose, and impact. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliographic coupling; Bibliometric analysis; Bibliometrics; Bibliometrix; Biblioshiny; Co-citation analysis; Co-occurrence analysis; Metaverse; Performance analysis; R; RStudio; Science mapping; Scientometric analysis; Scientometrics; Scopus; Trend analysis; VOSviewer; Web of Science
Guo F.; Xiao Y.; Makwana C.N.; He Y.; Luo P.; Irfan M.; Xiao Z.; Li L.; Ao M.; Liu Q.	The inheritance and development of traditional Chinese medicine formulas in treating childhood asthma based on the perspective of clinical research	2024	Journal of Herbal Medicine	10.1016/j.hermed.2024.100921	Introduction: The inheritance and development status are illustrated with research hotspots, medication patterns, and research quality based on the two literature databases of previous and recent clinical investigations of Traditional Chinese Medicine formulas in treating childhood asthma. Methods: The relevant literature was retrieved from seven databases. Based on the year of publication, dividing the body of literature produced since the database's founding into previous and recent databases. Bibliometric, VOSviewer, IBM SPSS Modeller and modified Jadad scale were used to conduct characteristic analysis, visual analysis, herb compatibility rule analysis and research quality evaluation respectively. Results: One hundred and seven previous studies and 212 recent studies were included. The outcome indicators are inherited symptoms and syndrome, and develop into mechanistic indicators such as pulmonary function. The common herbs are Glycyrrhiza uralensis Fisch., Ephedra sinica Stapf and Prunus armeniaca L.var.ansu Maxim., and the development of Schisandra chinensis (Turcz.) Baill., Astragalus membranaceus (Fisch.) Bge.var. mongholicus (Bge.) Hsiao and Poria cocos (Schw.) Wolf are increasing. The compatibility of herbs inherited the combination of E. sinica Stapf and G. uralensis Fisch. based on the development of Asarum heterotropoides Fr. Schmidt var. mandshuricum (Maxim.) Kitag., S. chinensis (Turcz.) Baill. and Pinellia ternata (Thunb.) Breit. The research quality has been improved. Conclusion: From the clinical research perspective, the study of Traditional Chinese Medicine formulas for the treatment of childhood asthma has its own unique inheritace and development, covering a number of areas. © 2024 Elsevier GmbH	Childhood asthma; Clinical study; Inheritance and development; TCM formulas; Visual analysis
Wu Y.; Awang S.R.; Ahmad T.; You C.	A systematic review of leadership styles in healthcare sector: Insights and future directions	2024	Geriatric Nursing	10.1016/j.gerinurse.2024.06.033	In light of the ongoing global health crisis, the significance of leadership within the healthcare sector has intensified. Given this consideration, the significance of appropriate leadership styles cannot be overstated. The objective of this paper is to critically review published studies on leadership elements in the healthcare sector. Using Bibliometrix R package and VOS viewer, we conducted bibliometric and network analyses on publications retrieved from the Web of Science (WOS) database, with content analysis integrated throughout the paper to deepen understanding. Ultimately, 243 articles were identified as relevant. The findings revealed transformational leadership emerges as the most extensively discussed leadership style. 91% of the articles’ theme focus on quantitative research methods. This study synthesizes the influencing factors of the three most frequently discussed leadership styles—transformational, authentic, and ethical leadership—emphasizing the importance of job satisfaction and organizational citizenship behavior. And provides direction for future research through thematic analysis. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric analysis; Content analysis; Leadership styles; Transformational leadership
Li H.; Li B.	The state of metaverse research: a bibliometric visual analysis based on CiteSpace	2024	Journal of Big Data	10.1186/s40537-024-00877-x	"Objective: To understand the current status of research in the field of metaverse, and to analyze the research progress and evolutionary trends in this field. Methods: Based on the bibliometric analysis, a total of 921 papers were obtained by searching the Web of science core database for the keyword ""metaverse"". CiteSpace was used to visualize and analyze the current status and trends of metaverse research in China. Results: Ireland is currently the country with the highest research impact. China is currently the country with the largest number of publications in this field, but the impact of the research is insufficient. The current research in the highly cited literature focuses on technical and history reviews of the metaverse as well as its development in the field of education. Artificial Intelligence and utaut2 are the underlying clusters of cited literature in this research area. Several research hotspots have been formed, such as virtual reality, augmented reality, mixed reality, digital twins and artificial intelligence. Conclusion: The current research on metaverse in various fields is basically in its infancy, but has a great potential for future development and will gradually penetrate into many different directions with many challenges. © 2024, The Author(s)."	CiteSpace; Metaverse; Visual analysis
Salvalai G.; Zhu Y.; Sesana M.M.	From building energy modeling to urban building energy modeling: A review of recent research trend and simulation tools	2024	Energy and Buildings	10.1016/j.enbuild.2024.114500	Initiatives aimed at retrofitting the existing buildings stock and constructing Zero Carbon Community (ZCC) have been recognized as highly effective measures for reaching the zero emission carbon goals set by the EU Commission by 2050. The Building Energy Modeling approach focuses only on typical individual building and it is hardly suitable for assessing the performance and the mutual interaction of a group of interconnected buildings In this case the application of Urban Building Energy Modeling (UBEM) is required. Research on UBEM constitutes the foundation for reducing the energy needs of the built environment; however, there is currently a lack of knowledge on UBEM concept, workflow and related simulation tools. This paper has twofold objectives; first presents an in-depth bibliometric analysis, through CiteSpace, to analyze the developmental trajectory of emerging simulation UBEM method. The analysis encompasses the distribution of authors collaborations, geographic and institutional cooperation in publications and research hotspots. Based on this, the paper summarizes the development trends and potential directions for research in the UBEM field. Furthermore, as a second objective, the paper provides a comprehensive analysis of the main UBEM tools with focus on the input and output data, simulation engine and data workflow. The final scope of this study is to offer to urban planners and policymakers a comprehensive framework as a starting point for approaching zero-carbon communities’ from both the concepts and the simulations analysis point of view. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Bottom-up approaching; Building energy use; Energy efficiency; Energy modeling; Urban building energy modeling; URBANopt
Kou M.; Zhang M.; Yang Y.; Shao H.	Energy finance research: What happens beneath the literature?	2024	International Review of Financial Analysis	10.1016/j.irfa.2024.103402	Energy finance has grown rapidly and attracted considerable attention for the increasing interactions between energy and financial industries. However, the scope and boundary of energy finance are still unclear due to the diversity of emerging research topics. Therefore, this paper provides a profile of energy finance conducting bibliometric analysis from four dimensions: the intellectual base, research trajectories, intellectual communities, and research fronts. This paper analyzed 10,961 related articles sourced from Web of Science (WOS) since 1904 through three bibliometric analysis approaches: co-citation network analysis, main path analysis and bibliographic coupling analysis. We find that research of energy finance has experienced three stages and can be categorized into five themes: “energy and financial market”, “pricing mechanisms of energy”, “energy derivative markets”, and “green finance”. Furthermore, through retrospective and co-citation analyses of the recent literature, we identify six research frontiers: “stock markets and energy prices”, “exchange rate and energy market systemic risk modeling”, “financial policies related to sustainability and low carbon”, “climate and the state of the carbon emissions trading market”, “crude oil price forecasting and future market”, and “energy infrastructure investment and financing”. These findings contribute to the systematic research and an overall mapping of energy finance. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliographic coupling analysis; Bibliometrics; Co-citation network analysis; Energy finance; Main path analysis
Sharshir S.W.; El-Attar H.G.; Basem A.; El-Naggar A.A.; Alaraj A.M.; Attia A.; Lotfy L.A.; Alawee W.H.; Majdi H.S.; Abdullah A.S.; Abdelfatah M.; El-Shaer A.; Koheil H.	An overview of the progress in the synthesis of nanocomposites for industrial applications: Techniques preparation, definitions, and characterization	2024	Synthetic Metals	10.1016/j.synthmet.2024.117665	High-performance materials called nanocomposites have unique features. Nanocomposites are in high demand in plastic engineering, with an anticipated periodic growth rate of 25 %. Its potential is so great that it is useful in numerous operations, from packaging to biomedical operations. It is anticipated that similar equipment and other intriguing operations will be required. The operations of nanocomposites display new specialized and marketable potential for numerous electronics, automotive, aerospace, and biotechnology sectors because of their environmental friendliness. Some studies on water uptake have shown that both ZnO nanorods and polymer polyaniline (PANI) function to prevent up to 75 % of liquid from penetrating the paint layer. With 4 % MWCNT content, a polypyrrole-multiwalled carbon nanotube (PPy-MWCNT) nanocomposites sensor was developed that was most sensitive to NH3 gas. The produced material maintained 86.9 % of its starting specific capacitance. The graphene quantum dots (GQDs) composite results show that the high charge storage retention is 91.45 %. This paper will explain the importance of using nanocomposites in industry applications where the paper decides on coating, sensors, and energy storage. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Coating; Energy storage; Nanocomposite; Sensors
Widayanti; Istiyono E.; Haryanto; Retnawati H.; Sinensis A.R.; Bujuri D.A.	Research productivity on science learning: a bibliometric study international from 2013 to 2023	2024	International Journal of Evaluation and Research in Education	10.11591/ijere.v13i5.29103	This research focuses on evaluating research productivity in the realm of science learning using various bibliometric indicators. A total of 4,942 scientific publications were taken from the Scopus database from the period 2013–2023, applying related keyword searches. The result is presented in graphical form. Studies also use VOSviewer and Biblioshiny tools through R to evaluate network visualizations and find the most prolific authors, number of publications and citations, country representatives, organizational and university contributions, publishers, and frequently appearing words. The results reveal a growing trend in total publications in the past 10 years of research. Out of a total of 4,942 scientific publications, NA NA is one of the most prolific authors. The USA and China are the most productive countries when it comes to publishing research in the field. The University of California, National Taiwan Normal University, and Purdue University are reported to be the top three productive organizations in the field of science learning. The study also looked at collaboration and cooperation between authors, countries, and organizations in visualization analysis. The results of the word that often appears are reported to be that science, education, learning, and effects have maximum link strength. © 2024, Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Biblioshiny; Science learning; Study international; VOSviewer
Wei J.; Li H.X.; Sadick A.-M.; Noguchi M.	A systematic review of key issues influencing the environmental performance of social housing	2024	Energy and Buildings	10.1016/j.enbuild.2024.114566	Social housing is essential in addressing the housing needs of vulnerable people. However, there are environmental performance-related issues to consider with respect to social housing, and limited effort has been directed toward consolidating environmental performance outcomes to inform social housing design. In this context, the research presented in this paper aims to review research trends in this domain and examines environmental performance issues and opportunities related to social housing. A mixed method systematic review, including bibliometric and content analysis, is employed to uncover the critical environmental performance patterns and associated design factors for social housing. A total of 230 articles were selected for bibliometric analysis to identify the key issues related to the environmental performance of social housing. Among them, 83 highly focused articles are selected for content analysis, exploring the detailed issues and design factors related to the environmental performance of social housing. The research findings indicate that indoor air quality, thermal comfort, energy efficiency, and affordability are the main issues related to the environmental performance of social housing. The content analysis also identifies the co-occurrence of these identified issues and the frequency of the co-occurrence. Furthermore, this paper examines the trends in terms of the focus areas and design/operation factors investigated by country of origin and reveals that: (1) North America and Europe contributed a substantial share of their research on indoor air quality. (2) Thermal comfort merged as the predominant focus consistently studied in conjunction with energy efficiency across various regions. In addition, the key design and operation factors associated with these issues are identified. This paper provides novel insights into the environmental performance of social housing and associated design and operation factors. © 2024 The Author(s)	Affordability; Energy efficiency; Indoor air quality; Social housing; Thermal comfort
Mishra N.; Bharti T.; Tiwari A.K.; Pfajfar G.	Public and scholarly interest in social robots: An investigation through Google Trends, bibliometric analysis, and systematic literature review	2024	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2024.123578	The COVID-19 pandemic has expedited the integration of social robots within the healthcare sector. This research employs a tripartite methodology, combining Google Trends analysis, bibliometric analysis, and a systematic literature review, to gauge both public and research interest in social robots within the healthcare domain. In the Google Trends analysis, search query data for “Social Robots” was retrieved, encompassing both “all categories” and the specific “health” category. Seasonal effects on relative search volumes (RSV) were assessed through the cosinor model. The analysis confirmed statistically significant seasonal patterns in RSV for “social robots” within the “health” category. Conversely, for the broader “all categories,” only the intercept showed significance, while sinw and cosw were deemed insignificant. For bibliometric analysis, the global literature on “robotics” and “healthcare” was examined in the SCOPUS database. From the extensive pool of publications, 144 relevant studies were identified out of 4037 publications. These studies were further analyzed using VOSviewer, providing insights into recent trends and hot topics concerning social robots in healthcare. The systematic literature review focused on 46 articles published from 2019 to the end of 2023. The findings revealed a lack of consensus on the drivers, barriers, and outcomes associated with social robot acceptance and human-robot interaction (HRI). The study systematically maps the existing research on these aspects, introducing a novel categorization and presenting the concept of a “robot user's ecosystem.” This concept emphasizes the imperative involvement of all stakeholders in the development and understanding of social robots. Ultimately, this methodological approach not only identifies nine research gaps in the current literature but also formulates numerous research questions to guide future researchers in this domain. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Artificial intelligence (AI); Bibliometric analysis; Google trends; Healthcare; Human-robot interaction (HRI); Social robots; Systematic literature review
Wu Q.; Liu M.; Ma T.; Hu Q.; Yuan C.; Zhang X.; Zhang T.	Research trends and hotspot analysis of age-related hearing loss: A bibliometric analysis from 2019 to 2023	2024	Experimental Gerontology	10.1016/j.exger.2024.112489	Background: Age-related hearing loss (ARHL) — also termed presbycusis — is prevalent among older adults, leading to a range of issues. Although considerable progress in the understanding of ARHL over the decades, available reports lack data from recent years and do not comprehensively reflect the latest advancements and trends. Therefore, our study sought to assess research hotspots and trends in ARHL over the past 5 years to provide the basis for future research. Materials and methods: The Web of Science Core Collection database was searched and screened from January 1, 2019 to October 21, 2023, according to the inclusion criteria. CiteSpace (5.8.R3), VOSviewer (1.6.19), and Microsoft Excel 2019 were employed for bibliometric analysis and visualization. Results: 3084 articles from 92 countries led by the United States and China were included. There has been a steady upward trend in the number of publications from 2019 to 2023. The most productive institutions, authors, and journals are Johns Hopkins University (n = 113), Lin FR (n = 66), and Ear and Hearing (n = 135), respectively. Trend topic analyses revealed that “cochlear synaptopathy” and “dementia” were the predominant foci. Keywords, including “individuals” and “national health”, began to appear. Conclusion: Over the past 5 years, the annual number of publications has increased significantly and will continue to do so. Research on the mechanism of ARHL, represented by “oxidative stress”, is a continuing focus. Emerging topics such as “individual differences” and “national health” may be potential future hotspots in this field. © 2024 The Authors	Age-related hearing loss; CiteSpace; Presbycusis; Visualization; VOSviewer
Hu W.; Yang D.; Chang Y.; Yu K.; Yang L.; Yan W.; Xu H.; Wu X.	Electrocatalytic oxidation for organic wastewater: Recent progress in anode material, reactor, and process combination	2024	Chemical Engineering Journal	10.1016/j.cej.2024.154120	With increasing human attention to environmental issues, organic wastewater's electrochemical advanced oxidation processes (EAOPs) are flourishing. This review looked back the recent efforts made by researchers to approach the commercial application of EAOPs. Bibliometric analysis was used to review the EAOPs used for COD removal in recent years. Recent progress in electrode materials, reactor design, and combined processes was introduced. Anode modifications based on Ti4O7 and nanocarbon materials may be promising directions for better electrocatalytic performance. The development of three-dimensional particle electrodes provides another approach for commercializing EAOPs. The optimization of the continuous-flow reactor structure may require more comprehensive water flow models. Combining EAOPs and other water treatment processes is necessary to reduce the energy consumption required for water treatment. More pilot and large-scale experiments for natural wastewater treatment are needed to better compare the performance differences of electrochemical systems under on-site and laboratory conditions. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Combination; Electrochemical advanced oxidation process (EAOP); Refractory organics; Water treatment
Kwoyiga L.	Gender inequalities, water research and knowledge production in Ghana	2024	Environmental Science and Policy	10.1016/j.envsci.2024.103853	Gender inequalities pervade Ghana, with a lot of studies focusing on them. However, little has been documented about gender inequalities in water research in the country. This article seeks to contribute to the existing knowledge by providing empirical evidence of the nature of gender inequality in water research and calls for improving gender-based studies in water research institutions in the country. Known for its research activities on water resources, the Water Research Institute (WRI) of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) is taken as a case. Therefore, the study specifically addresses these questions: (i) does water research of the WRI include gender and gender-related topics (ii) what is the representation of women researchers in the WRI? (iii) what existing gender inequalities impact women researchers’ contributions to knowledge production in the WRI? The study adopted a mixed method approach combining questionnaire survey, phone interviews, and document review to generate primary and secondary data to address the research concerns. Although the WRI produced articles within the 10-year studied period, the bibliometric analyses showed that none of them discussed topics related to gender. The lack of integration of gender issues in water research skewed water knowledge towards only water's chemical/biophysical aspects. Also, women research scientists were fewer than their male counterparts, with these women researchers experiencing gender-related discrimination and intimidation. As a government institution, it is recommended that the WRI considers integrating gender topics in its research activities to generate knowledge that informs better water policy formulation and hence, benefits all including women and girls in the country. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Gender; Ghana; Inequality; Knowledge; Water
Bai X.; Duan J.; Li B.; Fu S.; Yin W.; Yang Z.; Qu Z.	Global quantitative analysis and visualization of big data and medical devices based on bibliometrics	2024	Expert Systems with Applications	10.1016/j.eswa.2024.124398	Background: In the big data era, the healthcare sector grapples with increased data volumes and the push for more intelligent medical devices. This challenge is marked by data silos, higher data processing needs, and the quest for personalized medicine, emphasizing the importance of integrating and analyzing diverse big data from medical devices. This study employs bibliometric analysis to thoroughly analyze the research trends in big data and medical device research, aiming to identify key developments, patterns, and potential future directions in the field. Methods: This study employed the Web of Science Core Collection, BIOSIS Citation Index, and Derwent Innovations Index for conducting keyword searches on ’big data’ and ’medical devices’, focusing on English-language articles, reviews, and patents, while excluding duplicates. Quantitative analyses and visualizations were facilitated using tools such as R 4.3.1, VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and Tableau. The research assessed the impact of journals and academic contributions through metrics like the impact factor and G-Index. Results: Our analysis covered 592 articles and 795 patents. Notably, the annual growth rate of articles reached 62.19%, with the primary contributions originating from China, the United States, India, and England. Among the identified publications, “IEEE Access” emerged as the most prominent journal. The research identified key trends in the application of big data within medical devices, including the extensive use of artificial intelligence (AI), deep learning, Internet of Things (IoT) technologies, genomic data analysis, and bioinformatics. Case studies show how big data and medical device integration, exemplified by Electronic Health Records (EHRs), Clinical Decision Support Systems (CDSS), and smart wearables, enhance diagnostic efficiency and care quality. The study further identified intensive care units, radiology departments, and oncology as key application departments leveraging this integration. Conclusion: Big data and medical device integration have led to smart healthcare and personalized treatment, improving medical decision accuracy and inspiring new research directions. Future research efforts should explore the potential for incorporating even more expansive datasets and multilingual resources to further maximize the potential of this integration and advance medical technology in disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and management. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Big data; Deep learning; Internet of Things; Medical devices
Zare A.; Ablakimova N.; Kaliyev A.A.; Mussin N.M.; Tanideh N.; Rahmanifar F.; Tamadon A.	An update for various applications of Artificial Intelligence (AI) for detection and identification of marine environmental pollutions: A bibliometric analysis and systematic review	2024	Marine Pollution Bulletin	10.1016/j.marpolbul.2024.116751	Marine environmental pollution is one of the growing concerns of humans all over the world. Therefore, managing these marine pollutants has been a crucial matter for scientists in recent decades. Thus, researchers have tried to implement artificial intelligence (AI) to handle marine environmental pollutants. Therefore, in this manuscript, we performed a bibliometric analysis to understand the main applications of AI for managing marine environments. Therefore, we examined both PubMed online database and Google Scholar to find any research articles that discuss the applications of AI in managing marine environmental pollution. Ultimately, we found that AI can detect, locate, and even predict aquatic contaminants like oil fingerprinting, oil spills, oil spill damage, oil slicks, forecasting marine water quality, water quality development, harmful algal blooms, benthic sediment toxicity, as well as detection of marine debris with high accuracy. © 2024	Artificial intelligence; Environmental pollution; Marine environment; Pollution
Turgel I.D.; Chernova O.A.	COVID-19 and regional resilience: Trends, priorities, and the geography of research	2024	Journal of Safety Science and Resilience	10.1016/j.jnlssr.2024.04.004	The global economic crisis of 2008–2013 led to the emergence of the concept of resilience, which focuses on the ability of socio-economic system store cover socially, economically, and environmentally after external impacts. The COVID-19 pandemic spurred scholarly interest in regional resilience as a new conceptual framework for the sustainability theory. This paper aims to examine the influence of the pandemic on the trends and geography of regional resilience studies. We analyzed data derived from Science Direct and used VOSviewer to perform clustering and bibliometric network analysis. The countries that suffered the most from the pandemic and showed the largest regional socioeconomic disparities have become new centers of knowledge on regional resilience. Moreover, the pandemic has led to a visible shift in the research focus. Thus, after 2020, more attention has been paid to the structural and topological characteristics of regions that enable them to reorganize their resources more effectively in times of crisis. This study investigates the potential of the resilient development concept as a framework for gaining insights into the factors supporting regional adaptability. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; COVID-19; Regional economy; Regional resilience; Spatial analysis
Roxas R.E.O.; Recario R.N.C.	Scientific landscape on opportunities and challenges of large language models and natural language processing	2024	Indonesian Journal of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science	10.11591/ijeecs.v36.i1.pp252-263	This paper conducted a systematic review of Scopus-indexed publications on large language models (LLMs) and natural language processing (NLP) extracted in October 2023 to address the dearth of literature on their opportunities and challenges. Through bibliometric analysis, from the 1,600 relevant documents, the study explored research productivity, revealing both opportunities and challenges spanning research and real-world applications in education, medicine, and health care, citations, and keyword co-occurrence networks. Results highlighted distribution patterns and dominant players like Google LLC and Stanford University. Opportunities such as technological development in generative artificial intelligence (AI), were contrasted with challenges such as biases and ethical concerns. The intellectual structure analysis revealed prominent application areas in health and education and also emphasized issues such as AI divide and human-AI partnership. Improvement on the technology performance of LLM and NLP remains to be a challenge. Recommendations include further exploration of open research problems and bibliometric studies using other research databases given the research bias towards Scopus-indexed English publications. © 2024 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometrics; challenges; Large language models; Natural language processing; Opportunities
Zhu Q.; Xi Y.; Weng J.; Han B.; Hu S.; Ge Y.-E.	Intelligent ship collision avoidance in maritime field: A bibliometric and systematic review	2024	Expert Systems with Applications	10.1016/j.eswa.2024.124148	With the increasing promotion of digital technology, safety issues faced by rush ships in the maritime industry have once again received attention. Ship collision avoidance (SCA) is not only a hot topic in the shipping industry but also an eye-catching issue in the development of intelligent ships. This paper provides a bibliometric and systematic overview of the literature on SCA to assist researchers in understanding the frontiers and recent trends of SCA. Based on the bibliographic portrait, a classification and grading study was conducted on the literature to provide a systematic review of it. A screening process was conducted on 851 relevant articles related to SCA and published in 2004–2023 in the Web of Science (WoS) database, and 526 highly relevant and high-quality papers were selected. Then, CiteSpace, VOSviewer software, and data visualization techniques were used to conduct a bibliographic portrait analysis on the selected papers. The evidence from these systematic literature reviews revealed the close collaboration relationships among researchers, research institutions, and countries or regions in the field of SCA studying shortly. Furthermore, the frontiers of the research on SCA were focused on three aspects, i.e. research subjects, technological methods, and novel algorithms in intelligent SCA. COLREG is a problem that must be considered in intelligent SCA. The future trends in intelligent SCA were explored and SCA technology was introduced from artificial intelligence (AI) so as to meet the safety requirement of maritime autonomous surface ships. AI algorithms such as machine learning and deep learning are key technologies for SCA. This research provides a theoretical basis and implementation directions of the research on SCA. The hybrid encounters between traditional ships and intelligent ships, as well as multi-ship encounters in narrow waterways, will be the focal points of attention in the future. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Collision Avoidance; Data Portrait; Intelligent Ship; Literature Review
Sorooshian S.	Enhanced methodology to assess business research community serving extended realities movement	2024	Socio-Economic Planning Sciences	10.1016/j.seps.2024.102015	Virtual, augmented, and mixed reality, known collectively as extended realities (XR), have the potential to transform businesses but research service is required. This report explores the productivity of XR-related in business research. This paper has enhanced the traditional bibliometric approach by integrating it with a mathematical supplement, Expedited Analytical Hierarchy Process (EAHP). This enhanced methodology allows for a nuanced evaluation of research service productivity and offers direction for future research efforts. Productivity is evaluated in terms of the effectiveness and efficiency of research results, so creating a bibliometrics index for commenting on research effectiveness and evaluating research efficiency criteria from a publication standpoint, the work added to the field. Analysis of the collected scientometrics data show the field is not yet optimally productive, leading to a call for increased focus on future research. Besides, the utilization of EAHP's systematics way to convert the data into a future research direction, with mixed reality found to require more attention than other XRs. A complementary literature analysis step highlights the practical application of XRs in business and the growing importance of the XR-owned worlds, metaverses. As a result, this study found evidence to argue that the services provided by the business research community are not optimally productive when dealing with the XR movement, and it calls for more attention to support businesses. © 2024 The Author(s)	Augmented reality (AR); Business research; Extended realities (XR); Metaverse; Mixed reality (MR); Virtual reality (VR)
Marathe S.; Sadowski	Developments in biochar incorporated geopolymers and alkali activated materials: A systematic literature review	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.143136	Annually, industries related to agricultural products generate substantial volumes of waste biomass, presenting critical challenges for solid waste management due to its environmental and health implications. Pyrolysis emerges as a significant technique for converting such waste into biochar (BC), a material with notable internal microstructure, porosity, and chemical properties, contingent on the feedstock and processing conditions. BC is recognized for its exceptional water retention and alkalinity, primarily utilized for soil enhancement and fertilization. Its application across various fields, particularly in enhancement for sustainability, has gained momentum. This review meticulously explores BC's role in sustainable composites, focusing on geopolymers and alkali-activated binders through a comprehensive examination of existing literature, underscored by bibliometric analysis. This pioneering review, leveraging the PRISMA framework and VOSviewer for bibliometric insights, aims to bridge the research gap in this evolving domain, offering a critical assessment of BC's integration in sustainable construction materials, its challenges, and future research directions. Hence, this pioneering systematic review represents the first-ever exploration within the research domain of BC's applications in geopolymers and alkali-activated materials, marking a foundational step toward understanding its potential and challenges in sustainable engineering practices. © 2024 The Authors	Alkali-activation; Bibliometrics; Biochar; Geopolymer; Sustainability; Systematic literature review
Sung K.; Park K.-T.; Lee H.	Landscaping the digital twin technology: Patent-based networks and technology reference model	2024	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2024.123576	The digital twin (DT) is a core technology for supporting digital transformation (DX) across industrial domains that has functions of monitoring, control, simulation, visualization, and prediction. However, there exist conceptual and terminological inconsistencies in DT due to industrial heterogeneity and technological complexity. We conduct patent-based network analysis to develop a technology reference model for DT technologies in order to uncover the core enabling technologies and technological structure. Two types of network analysis, co-word and co-citation, are constructed based on the 1201 DT-related patents. The co-word network analysis identifies 13 technology clusters, and the co-citation network analysis reveals 16 technology clusters. The combined results yield 17 technology components structured into three layers: (a) enabling technology, (b) core functionality, and (c) service according to technological role. A DT technology reference model is then developed based on the structured technology components. The proposed DT technology reference model offers comprehensive insights into the landscape of DT technologies and serves as a guide for researchers and policymakers seeking to systematically understand DT technologies for the DX paradigm. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Digital twin (DT); Network analysis; Technology landscape; Technology reference model
Duran-Ospina J.P.; de la Hoz-M J.; Maddela N.R.; Lapo-Talledo G.J.; Siteneski A.; Montes-Escobar K.	Global research on keratomycosis: New insights from latent Dirichlet allocation and HJ-Biplot-driven knowledge mapping study	2024	Diagnostic Microbiology and Infectious Disease	10.1016/j.diagmicrobio.2024.116442	Background: Keratomycosis is a form of infectious keratitis, an infection of the cornea, which is caused by fungi. This disease is a leading cause of ocular morbidity globally with at least 60 % of the affected individuals becoming monocularly blind. Objective: This bibliometric analysis aimed to comprehensively assess the existing body of literature, providing insights of the evolution of keratomycosis research by identifying key themes and research gaps. Methods: This work used the modeling method Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) to identify and interpret scientific information on topics concerning existing categories in a set of documents. The HJ-Biplot method was also used to determine the relationship between the analyzed topics, taking into consideration the years under study. Results: This bibliometric analysis was performed on a total of 2,599 scientific articles published between 1992 and 2022. The five leading countries with more scientific production and citations on keratomycosis were The United States of America, followed by India, China, United Kingdom and Australia. The top five topics studied were Case Reports and Corneal Infections, which exhibited a decreasing trend; followed by Penetrating Keratoplasty and Corneal Surgery, Ocular Effects of Antifungal Drugs, Gene Expression and Inflammatory Response in the Cornea and Patient Data which have been increasing throughout the years. However Filamentous Fungi and Specific Pathogens, and Antifungal Therapies research has been decreasing in trend. Conclusion: Additional investigation into innovative antifungal drug therapies is crucial for proactively tackling the potential future resistance to antifungal agents in scientific writing. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric analysis; Fungal keratitis; HJ-Biplot; Keratomycosis; Latent Dirichlet allocation; Mycotic keratitis
Rehman O.A.; Borri E.; Palomba V.; Frazzica A.; Brancato V.; Botargues T.; Cabeza L.F.	Analysis on integration of heat pumps and thermal energy storage in current energy system: From research outputs to energy policies	2024	Journal of Energy Storage	10.1016/j.est.2024.112795	This paper presents a comprehensive examination of the integration of heat pumps and thermal energy storage (TES) within the current energy system. Utilizing bibliometric analysis, recent research trends and gaps are identified, shedding light on the evolving landscape of this dynamic field. The study delves into the research outputs since 1969, offering insights into the global scholarly contributions shaping the discourse. Furthermore, an extensive policy analysis is conducted, focusing on seven countries with the highest research output. The interplay between research advancements and energy policies is explored, providing an understanding of the practical implications of the integration of heat pumps and TES. An understanding is tried to reach as how research and policy sector influence each other. This analysis contributes not only to the academic understanding of the subject but also informs policymakers about potential pathways for enhancing energy efficiency and sustainability in heating and cooling sector. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Countries; Heat pumps; Policy analysis; Thermal energy storage (TES)
Abdelwahab S.I.; Taha M.M.E.; Alfaifi H.A.; Farasani A.; Hassan W.	Bibliometric Analysis of Machine Learning Applications in Ischemia Research	2024	Current Problems in Cardiology	10.1016/j.cpcardiol.2024.102754	"Objective: The objective of this study is to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric analysis to elucidate the landscape of machine learning applications in ischemia research. Methods: The analysis can be divided in three sections: part 1 scrutinizes articles and reviews with ""ischemia"" in their titles, while part 2 further narrows the focus to publications containing both ""ischemia"" and ""machine learning"" in their titles. Additionally, part 3 delves into the examination of the top 50 most cited papers, exploring their thematic focus and co-word dynamics. Results: The findings reveal a significant increase in publications over the years, with notable trends identified through detailed analysis. The growth in publication counts over time, the leading contributors, institutions, geographical distribution of research output and journals are numerically presented for part 1 and part 2. For the top 50 most cited papers the dynamics of co-words, which offer a nuanced understanding of thematic trends and emerging concepts, are presented. Based on the number of citations the top 10 authors were selected, and later for each, total number of publications, h-index, g-index and m-index are provided. Additionally, figures depicting the co-authorship network among authors, departments, and countries involved in the top 50 cited papers may enrich our comprehension of collaborative networks in ischemia research. Conclusion: This comprehensive bibliometric analysis provides valuable insights into the evolving landscape of machine learning applications in ischemia research. © 2024 Elsevier Inc."	Bibliometric Analysis; Ischemia; Machine Learning; Scopus
Sumargono; Sinaga R.M.; Ariyani F.; Rini R.	Studies of multicultural education in three last decades: global trends and future directions in educational researches	2024	International Journal of Evaluation and Research in Education	10.11591/ijere.v13i5.28482	The publication trend regarding multicultural education studies has been increasing in three last decades. Nevertheless, systematic studies providing comprehensive bibliographic and bibliometric review related to this issue has not been performed nor also reported in the electronic journals or conference proceeding. A systematic review combined to bibliometric analysis was used to present global trends and future directions in educational researches related to multicultural education. 284 eligible documents from Scopus database published in 2001–2023 were involved as the data. Results revealed that in the period of 2001–2023, publication trend of multicultural education studies slightly soared while citation trend on the documents regarding multicultural education studies relatively fluctuated. The productive and influential documents, authors, countries, institutions, and sources contributed most to the development of multicultural education studies. Moreover, a lot of authors and institutions in the world jointly worked and also generated research networking in conducting the studies of multicultural education, mainly authors come from United States and educational institutions located in United States. Additionally, at least there are several major emerging themes related to multicultural education studies such as methodology, learning environment, main topic in multicultural education, affective and cognitive domain, participant, and theoretical framework. The future researches related to this topic should develop valid, practical, and effective learning models for multicultural competence referring to culturally responsive transformative teaching approach. © 2024, Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Diversity in learning; Multicultural education; Scopus; VOSviewer
Raman R.; Lathabhai H.; Pattnaik D.; Kumar C.; Nedungadi P.	Research contribution of bibliometric studies related to sustainable development goals and sustainability	2024	Discover Sustainability	10.1007/s43621-024-00182-w	This bibliometric study analyzes 1433 former reviews on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Sustainability, providing a comprehensive overview of the evolving research landscape in this domain. Notably, we observe a substantial annual growth rate of 74% in publications and a remarkable 171% increase in total citations from 2016 to 2022, reflecting a growing interest in this area. We identify the leading countries and institutions contributing to quantitative reviews on SDGs and Sustainability. SDG 12 (Sustainable Consumption and Production) emerges as the most extensively studied and is highly represented in influential journals like Sustainability and the Journal of Cleaner Production. Across various research fields, SDGs 12 and 11 (Sustainable Cities and Communities) stand out, with SDGs 4 (Quality Education), 5 (Gender Equality), and 15 (Life on Land) showing significance in specific domains. Thematic analysis reveals key topics like environmental protection, circular economy, life cycle assessment, and supply chain management, with strong connections to SDG 12. Further clusters highlight environmental management, renewable energy, and energy policy linked to SDG 7 (Affordable and Clean Energy), along with a smaller cluster focusing on urbanization driven by SDG 11. Network analysis emphasizes the critical roles of SDGs 12 and 9 (Industry Innovation and Infrastructure) in achieving a sustainable future. However, alternative social network indicators highlight the potential influence of SDGs 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), 16 (Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions), and 17 (Partnerships for the Goals) on other goals. Intriguingly, mainstream SDG research predominantly focuses on SDGs 3 and 7, presenting challenges due to the volume and complexity of related publications. While SDG 7 could find suitable outlets in leading journals, addressing SDG 3’s (Good Health and Well Being) complexity remains a formidable task. Nevertheless, conducting bibliometric studies on SDGs 3, 7, and 13 (Climate Action) offers promising opportunities in future if the associated challenges are addressed effectively. © 2024, The Author(s).	Bibliometric of bibliometrics; Bibliometrics; Energy policy; Gender equality; Science mapping; Social network analysis; Sustainability; Sustainable Development Goal
N/A	Erratum regarding updating Declaration of Competing Interest and animal studies statements in previously published articles (Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices (2022) 16, (S2590093522000789), (10.1016/j.medntd.2022.100191))	2024	Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices	10.1016/j.medntd.2024.100306	 1 A novel angiography-based computational modelling for assessing the dynamic stress and quantitative fatigue fracture risk of the coronary stents immediately after implantation: Effects of stent materials, designs and target vessel motions (Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices, 2022; 14; 100121)Xinlei Wu a b c, Mattia Lunardi c, Ahmed Elkoumy c, Jiayue Huang c, Jing Kan d, Shaoliang Chen d, Shengxian Tu a. The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding this publication. 2 Automatic quantitative analysis of metabolism inactivation concentration in single bacterium using stimulated Raman scattering microscopy with deep learning image segmentation (Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices, 2022; 14; 100114)Bo Sun a, Zhaoyi Wang c, Jiaqian Lin c, Chen Chen a, Guanghui Zheng b, Shuhua Yue a, Haiquan Wang c, Xixiong Kang a b, Xun Chen d, Weili Hong a, Pu Wang a The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding this publication. 3 Evaluation of temperature distribution for bone drilling considering aging factor (Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices, 2022; 16; 100174)Huanxin Wang a, Xiangsheng Gao a, Boxu Wang a, Min Wang a b, Yunan Liu c, Tao Zan a, Peng Gao a, Chaozong Liu d The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding this publication. 4. Research hotspots and trends of cardiopulmonary exercise test: Visualization analysis based on citespace (Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices, 2022; 16; 100191)Yu Zhao a, Jianchao Li a b, Chunjing Tao a b, Rongjing Ding c The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding this publication. 5 The model of electrified cell clusters in biological tissues basing on the resting potential difference (Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices, 2023; 18; 100218)Yufang He a, Peiguo Xu b, Huijie Wu a, Yong Chu c, Guanglei Zhang a The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding this publication. The authors also confirm that the experiment follows the animal experiment guidelines as outlined in the journal author guide. The publisher would like to include the conflict of interest statement and Animal studies statement for these papers. The publisher would like to apologise for any inconvenience caused. © 2024	N/A
Xu H.; Wang Z.; Wang Z.; Lei Y.; Chen J.; Zhou H.; Li M.; Diao J.; Bian Y.; Zhou B.; Zhou Y.	Recent trends in Tuina for chronic pain management: A bibliometric analysis and literature review	2024	Complementary Therapies in Medicine	10.1016/j.ctim.2024.103068	Background: The utilization of Tuina as a therapeutic intervention for the management of chronic pain has experienced a gradually increase in its popularity, and the purpose of this bibliometric analysis is to offer a comprehensive understanding of the current state and frontier trends, as well as to provide recommendations for future research directions. Methods: Publications on Tuina for chronic pain published between 2004 and 2023 were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). Microsoft Excel, CiteSpace, VOSViewer, and the R package “bibliometrix” were used to quantitatively analyse the annual publication volume, countries/regions, journals, institutions, cited references, authors, and keywords. Results: A total of 287 publications were retrieved. The number of annual publications on the use of Tuina for treating chronic pain has gradually increased. Most publications were published in China and the United States. Notably, the most productive institution and author were identified as Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine and Min Fang, respectively. Medicine ranked first as the most influential affiliate and most productive journal. These publications came from 1650 authors, among whom Edzard Ernst had the most co-citations. Keyword analysis revealed that the new research frontier was low back pain. Conclusion: The utilization of Tuina for the treatment of chronic pain has been gaining increasing recognition. Acupuncture, randomised controlled trials, systematic reviews, etc. were the main research subjects. Furthermore, low back pain is the new research frontier. This study provides an in-depth perspective on Tuina for chronic pain, which provides valuable reference material for clinicians with insights of therapeutic strategy, educators with valuable topics, and researchers with new research directions. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Chronic pain; Co-citation analysis; Tuina
Guangyi T.; Linzi W.; Bin Y.; Junqing H.	Research hotspots of artificial intelligence in the field of spinal deformity: visual analysis	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.640	BACKGROUND: With the continuous improvement and progress of artificial intelligence technology in the treatment of spinal deformity, a large number of studies have been invested in this field, but the main research status, hot spots and development trends are still unclear. OBJECTIVE: To visually analyze the literature related to artificial intelligence in the field of spinal deformities by using bibliometrics, identify the research hotspots and shortcomings in this field, and provide references for future research. METHODS: The core database of Web of Science was used to search the articles related to artificial intelligence in the field of spinal deformities published from inception to 2023. The data were visually analyzed by Citespace 5.6.R5 and VOSviewer 1.6.19. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) A total of 165 papers were included, and the number of papers published in this field showed a fluctuating upward trend. The author with the largest number of articles is Lafage V, and the country with the largest number of articles is China. (2) Keyword analysis results show that adolescent scoliosis, deep learning, classification, precision and robot are the main keywords. (3) The in-depth analysis results of co-cited and highly cited articles show that artificial intelligence has three hotspots in the field of spinal deformities, including the use of U-shaped architecture (a mature mode of deep learning convolutional neural networks) to automatically measure imaging parameters (Cobb angle and accurate segmentation of paraspinal muscles), multiview correlation network architecture (i.e., spine curvature assessment framework), and robot-guided spinal surgery. (4) In the field of artificial intelligence treatment of spinal malformations, the mechanism research such as genomics is very weak. In the future, unsupervised hierarchical clustering and other machine learning techniques can be used to study the basic mechanism of susceptibility genes in the field of spinal deformities by genome-wide association analysis and other genomics research methods. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	artificial intelligence; bibliometrics; Citespace; convolutional neural network; spinal deformity; visualization; VOSviewer; whole genome analysis
Zhao F.; Tang L.; Song W.; Jiang H.; Liu Y.; Chen H.	Predicting and refining acid modifications of biochar based on machine learning and bibliometric analysis: Specific surface area, average pore size, and total pore volume	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.174584	Acid-modified biochar is a modified biochar material with convenient preparation, high specific surface area, and rich pore structure. It has great potential for application in the heavy metal remediation, soil amendments, and carrying catalysts. Specific surface area (SSA), average pore size (APS), and total pore volume (TPV) are the key properties that determine its adsorption capacity, reactivity, and water holding capacity, and an intensive study of these properties is essential to optimize the performance of biochar. But the complex interactions among the preparation conditions obstruct finding the optimal modification strategy. This study collected dataset through bibliometric analysis and used four typical machine learning models to predict the SSA, APS, and TPV of acid-modified biochar. The results showed that the extreme gradient boosting (XGB) was optimal for the test results (SSA R2 = 0.92, APS R2 = 0.87, TPV R2 = 0.96). The model interpretation revealed that the modification conditions were the major factors affecting SSA and TPV, and the pyrolysis conditions were the major factors affecting APS. Based on the XGB model, the modification conditions of biochar were optimized, which revealed the ideal preparation conditions for producing the optimal biochar (SSA = 727.02 m2/g, APS = 5.34 nm, TPV = 0.68 cm3/g). Moreover, the biochar produced under specific conditions verified the generalization ability of the XGB model (R2 = 0.99, RMSE = 12.355). This study provides guidance for optimizing the preparation strategy of acid-modified biochar and promotes its potentiality for industrial application. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Acid-modified biochar; Extreme gradient boosting; Optimizing modification conditions; Specific surface area
Kandeal A.W.; Ismail M.; Basem A.; Elsayad M.M.; Alawee W.H.; Majdi H.S.; Abdullah A.S.; Jang S.-H.; An M.; Omara Z.M.; Ghazaly N.M.; Sharshir S.W.	An overview of the improvement of natural convection heat transfer via surface thermal radiation for different geometries	2024	Results in Engineering	10.1016/j.rineng.2024.102514	This paper represents an endeavor to review the advancements achieved in the topic of coupled radiation-free convection (CRFC) across various investigated models. Through detailed bibliometric analysis, the paper not only underscores the importance of CRFC publications but also highlights their frequency, signaling an increasing interest and significant contributions in this domain. The literature review is systematically structured, categorizing studies based on the types of cavities/enclosures with or without internal heating sources, thereby providing a comprehensive and structured overview of this field. It then delves into the crux of CRFC, giving the governing equations, assumptions, parameters, and variables, establishing a robust knowledge. Transitioning seamlessly to application, the paper explores simulated models, boundary conditions, and insightful result discussions. Notably, the proven influence of surface thermal radiation in enhancing free convection heat transfer throughout the reviewed studies underscores CRFC's transformative potential, paving the path for innovative advancements in thermal engineering systems. © 2024 The Authors	Free convection; Heat transfer; Inner heated sources; Natural convection; Surface thermal radiation
Jiang Q.; Dong C.; He Z.; Wang Y.; Jiang R.; Liao W.; Yang S.	Research landscape and pharmacological mechanisms of traditional Chinese medicines in treating and preventing urolithiasis: Unearthing an anti-urolithic treasure trove	2024	Journal of Ethnopharmacology	10.1016/j.jep.2024.118502	Ethnopharmacological relevance: Urolithiasis represents a predominant concern within urology due to its high recurrence rate and consequential surgical complications. Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM), with a history spanning over 2000 years in treating kidney diseases, not only offers a less invasive and cost-effective option for treating and preventing urolithiasis, but also serves as a pharmacological treasure trove for the development of anti-urolithic drugs. Aim of the study: With the continuous deepening of research on the anti-urolithic effects of Chinese medicines, the pharmacological mechanisms of TCMs against urolithiasis are continuously evolving. Therefore, it is essential to summarize the current research status, clinical effectiveness, and mechanisms of TCM in treating and preventing urolithiasis, to ascertain its potential in anti-urolithic treatments, and to provide a reference for future anti-urolithiasis drug research. Methods: The electronic databases such as PubMed, Web of Science, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) have been utilized to retrieve relevant literature spanning from 2000 to September 2023, using keywords “Traditional Chinese Medicine” and “Urolithiasis”. Then we conducted a visual analysis of the current status of related research, as well as a systematic organization of the therapeutic effects and underlying mechanisms of anti-urolithic TCMs. Results: Through the organization of research models, therapeutic effects, and active ingredients of 31 potential anti-urolithic TCMs, we have systematically summarized the underlying mechanisms of TCMs in management of urolithiasis. Mechanistically, Chinese herbs facilitate stone expulsion by enhancing diuresis, instigating anti-spasmodic effects, and promoting ureteral peristalsis when addressing calculi. They also harbor the potential to dissolve pre-existing stones. In terms of stone recurrence prevention, TCM compounds obstruct stone formation through targeting the sequence of crystal adhesion, nucleation, growth, and aggregation to inhibit stone formation. Additionally, TCM's significant roles include stifling oxidative stress, augmenting urinary stone inhibitors, and harmonizing oxalate metabolism, all of which are critical actions in stone prevention. Conclusion: The anti-urolithic mechanism of TCM is multifaceted. Investigating the anti-urolithiasis mechanisms of TCM not only illuminates the potential of Chinese medicine in treating and preventing urolithiasis, but also uncovers active molecules and targets for drug treatment against calculus formation. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Mechanism research; Prevents; Traditional Chinese medicine; Treatments; Urolithiasis
Luo L.; Xu C.; Liu P.; Li Q.; Chen S.	A bibliometric analysis of the status, trends, and frontiers of design thinking research based on the web of science core collection (2011–2022)	2024	Thinking Skills and Creativity	10.1016/j.tsc.2024.101570	Technological innovation is catalyzing a shift in thinking, leading to a growing scholarly interest in the realm of Design Thinking (DT). To elucidate the current research landscape, evolutionary patterns, and prospective trajectories within the DT domain over the past twelve years, this study utilized CiteSpace, Vosviewer, and R-bibliometrix-ggplot for a bibliometric examination of DT publications in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) spanning from 2011 to 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a total of 585 articles pertaining to DT were identified in WoSCC, originating from 70 countries, published in 373 journals, authored by 1726 scholars affiliated with 807 institutions, and collectively cited 22,935 times. The three leading countries in terms of publication frequency are the United States (F = 195), Australia (F = 53), and China (F = 50). The preeminent institution is Stanford University (F = 15). The most prolific author is Magistretti S (F = 6), with the initial publication in 2021. Apart from DT, the most prevalent keyword was “innovation” (F = 51), with the first mention in 2013. The subject category with the highest number of DT publications was Education & educational research (F = 136). The most frequently cited local author was Liedtka J (LCF = 117), and the most frequently co-cited author was Brown T (CCF = 448). In conclusion, this study finds that the development of DT still holds great potential, and its frontier hotspots will likely focus on “system” and “challenge”. The study aims to provide comprehensive insights into the overall picture and developmental trajectory of DT, offering valuable guidelines for future DT research. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Citespace; Design thinking; Visualization analysis; Vosviewer
Chen S.; Xu Z.; Xu D.; Gou X.	Customer purchase prediction in B2C e-business: A systematic review and future research agenda	2024	Expert Systems with Applications	10.1016/j.eswa.2024.124261	Customer purchase prediction is increasingly recognized as a crucial marketing strategy in B2C e-business, promising enhanced business profitability and customer satisfaction. Although this topic has attracted substantial interest from both academics and practitioners, there remains a scarcity of comprehensive systematic reviews and clearly defined future research agendas. To fill the research gap, this study utilizes bibliometric and thematic analyses to examine 98 articles on customer purchase prediction in B2C e-business published from 1995 to 2023. The bibliometric analysis reveals a rapid evolution and growing focus within the field, and the thematic analysis uncovers the research focus of existing studies, identifying key thematic clusters. Furthermore, this study discusses key takeaways and their implications, providing valuable insights to guide further research in this area. This study contributes to highlighting the development of the existing research, identifying research focuses, presenting major thematic clusters with detailed content analysis, and clarifying potential knowledge areas for future researchers. These insights, along with a summary of dominant methodologies, equip practitioners and scholars with essential knowledge to further explore customer purchase prediction in B2C e-business. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Customer purchase prediction; Machine learning; Purchase feature analysis; Systematic review
Ma T.; Zhang Q.; Tang Y.; Liu B.; Li Y.; Wang L.	A review on the industrial chain of recycling critical metals from electric vehicle batteries: Current status, challenges, and policy recommendations	2024	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2024.114806	Electric vehicle batteries (EVBs) are expected to rise explosively due to the widespread adoption of electric vehicles. Recycling critical metals (CMs), such as lithium, cobalt, and nickel, contained in end-of-life EVBs will be crucial to response to resource crises. Under this context, a combination of bibliometric and critical analysis is employed to provide an overview of recycling CMs from EVBs. Despite the relevant studies have been experiencing an upsurge, existing reviews only focus on specific technologies or a certain link in the industrial chain. The entire recycling system has not yet been systematically reviewed. Therefore, this study integrates the industrial chain of CM recycling from EVBs, as well as scrutinizes the recycling entities and technologies. On this basis, the challenges for recycling CMs from EVBs are summarized from the perspective of the industrial chain. The study found that (1) Most electric vehicle users are disconnected from the industrial chain, resulting in a low collection rate of EVBs, further leading to idle capacity in CM recovery plants. (2) Inadequate government intervention for electric vehicle users creates a critical conundrum for EVB collection, apart from the challenges including immature collection patterns. Safety risks and high costs of EVB transportation are also potential challenges. (3) In addition to typical challenges like immature technology and insufficient funding support, the limited application of digital technologies hinders the enhancement of EVB dismantling efficiency along with the industrialized implementation of direct and biological recovery technology. Finally, this study proposes corresponding policy recommendations for addressing the existing challenges. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Critical metals; Electric vehicle batteries; Industrial chain; Recycling
Nham F.H.; Kassis E.; Xu W.; El-Othmani M.M.; Sarpong N.O.	Race and ethnic disparities arthroplasty trends and hotspots: Bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Orthopaedics	10.1016/j.jor.2024.05.021	Introduction: Despite continual advancements in total joint arthroplasty and perioperative optimization, there remains national variability in outcomes. These outcome variabilities have been in part attributed to racial and ethnic disparities in healthcare quality and access to care. This study aims to identify arthroplasty racial and ethnic disparities research and to predict future hotspots. Methods: Ethnic and racial disparities articles between 1992 and 2022 were queried from the Web of Science Core Collection of Clarivate Analytics. Bibliometric indicators in excel format were extracted and subsequently imported for further analysis. Bibliometrix and VOSviewer analyzed current and previous research. Results: Database search yielded 234 total articles assessing racial and ethnic disparities between 1992 and 2022. Twenty-six countries published manuscripts with the United States producing the majority of publications. The Veterans Health Administration and University of Pittsburgh were the most relevant institutions. Ibrahim SA was the most relevant and influential author within this field. Visuals of thematic map and co-occurrences identified the basic, motor, and niche themes within the literature. Conclusions: Racial and ethnic disparity within arthroplasty literature demonstrate growing traction with global contributions. United States authors and institutions are the largest contributors within this field. This bibliometric analysis identified previous, current, and future trends for prediction of future hotspots. © 2024	N/A
Ma X.; Zhang Y.; Li Y.; Zhang M.	Basic types and evolutionary characteristics of the socialist built heritage in China, 1949–1978: bibliometrics analysis of the People’s Daily	2024	Heritage Science	10.1186/s40494-024-01136-1	The socialist built heritage (SBH) is a product of the great and typical socialist construction and is considered to be one of the unique contemporary legacies. However, due to political controversy and a shorter history, its conservation status is dire. In order to better understand and promote future conservation, this study explored the typology and evolution of SBH, using representative socialist China as an example. Based on the official People’s Daily, the spatial term database of various socialist construction fields was generated by utilizing Python and Excel software. Through qualitative logical induction and quantitative word frequency statistics, the basic types and evolutionary characteristics of SBH were obtained. It was found that (1) the composite, multiscale, and extensive SBH were identified as twenty-six basic types. It was most widespread in the industry and agroforestry fields, while factories and facilities, collective organization buildings, government agencies, and assembly buildings were the most common basic types. (2) Related to social development, the fastest growth stage for SBH was from 1953 to 1960 and vice versa from 1966 to 1975. The evolution of SBH in technology field shifted from a non-significant increase to a sudden increase, while those in the finance and trade, and diplomacy fields fluctuated. The remaining fields were marked by large fluctuations to smoothness. The nature of SBH has become more modernized over time. These results further illustrated the distinctive value of the SBH, and can provide positive targeted support for their conservation. © 2024, The Author(s).	Basic type; Bibliometrics analysis; Evolutionary characteristic; Heritage conservation; Socialist built heritage; Socialist China
Ma Q.-P.; Nguyen H.-S.; Hajnys J.; Mesicek J.; Pagac M.; Petru J.	A bibliometric review on application of machine learning in additive manufacturing and practical justification	2024	Applied Materials Today	10.1016/j.apmt.2024.102371	This paper delves into the cutting-edge applications of Machine Learning (ML) within modern Additive Manufacturing (AM), employing bibliometric analysis as its methodology. Formulated around three pivotal research questions, the study navigates through the current landscape of the research field. Utilizing data sourced from Web of Science, the paper conducts a comprehensive statistical and visual analysis to unveil underlying patterns within the existing literature. Each category of ML techniques is elucidated alongside its specific applications, providing researchers with a holistic overview of the research terrain and serving as a practical checklist for those seeking to address particular challenges. Culminating in a vision for the Smart Additive Manufacturing Factory (SAMF), the paper envisions seamless integration of reviewed ML techniques. Furthermore, it offers critical insights from a practical standpoint, thereby facilitating shaping future research directions in the field. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Additive manufacturing; Bibliometric analysis; Machine learning
Tasneem S.; Ahsan M.N.	A bibliometric analysis on mangrove ecosystem services: Past trends and emerging interests	2024	Ocean and Coastal Management	10.1016/j.ocecoaman.2024.107276	In recent decades, climate change and other environmental threats have driven growing interest in the value of ecosystem services, particularly for communities reliant on mangrove forests. This study utilized a bibliometric analysis of 1222 academic papers on 'mangrove' and 'ecosystem services' published between 1998 and 2023. Data from the Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus databases were analyzed using VOSviewer and the Bibliometrix R package to gain comprehensive insights. Based on citation frequency, the United States, Australia, and the United Kingdom were the top countries contributing to research in this field. Analysis of keywords revealed a focus on 'mangrove,' 'ecosystem services,' 'ecosystem,' 'conservation,' and 'forests.' In contrast, the author keywords highlighted emerging themes like 'blue carbon,' 'climate change,' and 'wetland.' 'Estuarine, Coastal and Shelf Science' and 'Ocean and Coastal Management' were leading journals in this domain, reflecting the strong presence of multidisciplinary research. Notably, only one of the top ten journals, 'Ecosystem Services,' belongs to the social sciences. Trend analysis suggested evolving research interests, with recent studies focusing on 'mangrove conservation,' 'restoration,' and 'community,' compared to earlier emphases on 'mangrove' and 'ecosystem services' around 2019. Thematic mapping further underscored this dynamism, with ecosystem services emerging as a rapidly expanding multidisciplinary field. Notably, the thematic evaluation revealed a shift in focus, with ecosystem services and mangroves transitioning from fundamental to motor themes. This bibliometric analysis offered valuable insights into current research trends, fostered understanding within a multidisciplinary context, and paved the way for future studies in this critical field. The study underscored the importance of focusing future research on mangrove ecosystem services, particularly in gaining support from policymakers for evidence-based policies. It emphasized the need for transdisciplinary studies to assess the impacts of ecosystem services and conservation policies. It also highlighted a crucial gap in the literature regarding the sustainability of mangrove ecosystem services, suggesting the integration of economic, environmental, and engineering approaches for more effective policy initiatives. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Ecosystem service; Index-words; Keywords; Mangrove
Viveiros M.D.; Kaffenberger J.	NIH funding and journal selection: trends in dermatology publication models across tiers from 2021 to 2023	2024	Archives of Dermatological Research	10.1007/s00403-024-03237-0	This study examines the influence of National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding on the publication choices of dermatologists, particularly in terms of journal tiers and pay-to-publish (P2P) versus free-to-publish (F2P) models. Utilizing k-means clustering for journal ranking based on SCImago Journal Rank, h-index, and Impact Factor, journals were categorized into three tiers and 54,530 dermatology publications from 2021 to 2023 were analyzed. Authors were classified as Top NIH Funded or Non-Top NIH Funded according to Blue Ridge Institute for Medical Research rankings. The study finds significant differences in publication patterns, with Top NIH Funded researchers in Tier I journals demonstrating a balanced use of P2P and F2P models, while they preferred F2P models in Tier II and III journals. Non-Top NIH Funded authors, however, opted for P2P models more frequently across all tiers. These data suggest NIH funding allows researchers greater flexibility to publish in higher-tier journals despite publication fees, while prioritizing F2P models in lower-tier journals. Such a pattern indicates that funding status plays a critical role in strategic publication decisions, potentially impacting research visibility and subsequent funding. The study’s dermatology focus limits broader applicability, warranting further research to explore additional factors like geographic location, author gender, and research design. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric; Blue ridge institute for medical research; BRIMR; Clustering analysis; Dermatology; Free-to-publish; H-index; Impact factor; Journal; Journal rank; K-means; National institute of health; NIH; NIH funded; Pay-to-publish; SCImago journal rank; SJR
César de Albuquerque Sousa T.; de Lima Costa I.H.; Gandra E.A.; Meinhart A.D.	Use of edible coatings as a new sustainable alternative to extend the shelf life of strawberries (Fragaria ananassa): A review	2024	Journal of Stored Products Research	10.1016/j.jspr.2024.102375	Strawberry (Fragaria ananassa), a widely sold fruit across the globe, saw an estimated harvest of a staggering 9.57 million tons in 2022 (FAO, 2022). Strawberries have a limited shelf life and senescence period due to their high respiration rate and perishability. Mechanical damage and infections caused by various pathogens, including fungi, further contribute to color, texture, quality, and post-harvest losses. In search of solutions to preserve their physical, microbiological, and sensorial qualities, several studies have explored the use of edible coatings, a practice widely used in the industry to preserve fruits and vegetables. Chitosan remains the most widely used material for strawberry coatings despite the growing exploration of novel polymeric materials, as evidenced by bibliometric analysis. This review delves into the most prevalent coatings employed to preserve the quality attributes of strawberries and extend their shelf life. Data quality is rigorously maintained through a multivariate analysis based on bibliometrics of metadata extracted from research studies in the Web of Science, utilizing the keywords “strawberry” and “coatings” as the search strategy. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Bioactive compounds; Edible toppings; Multivariate analysis; Polymers; Shelf-life
Nafi'an M.R.T.; Sabirin R.M.; Wibowo R.A.; Sofyana M.; Zahra I.H.; Wiryawan D.A.; Wijayatno Q.J.; Rohman A.	Effect of nitrate supplementation on oxygen saturation levels for acute mountain sickness prevention: A systematic review and meta-analysis	2024	Nitric Oxide - Biology and Chemistry	10.1016/j.niox.2024.07.003	Purpose: This study aimed to systematically review the effect of nitrate supplementation on blood oxygen saturation. Methods: We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane Library databases from their inception up to October 2022. Two reviewers independently conducted two stages of the screening process to include a randomized controlled trial with nitrate supplementation versus placebo intervention assessing oxygen saturation among lowlanders going to either real or simulated high altitude environments. We used the Cochrane Risk of Bias 2.0 tool to assess the risk of bias in the included studies. Fixed-effect model meta-analyses were conducted for laboratory-based studies. Random-effect meta-analyses were conducted for real-world studies. Results: We found 7 trials that met the eligibility criteria. A meta-analysis of studies with some bias concerns showed an increase of 1.26 % in the SpO2 with 44 % I2 during submaximal exercise at simulated high altitudes (GRADE: low). On the contrary, a meta-analysis of studies without heterogeneity showed that nitrate supplementation aggravated oxygen saturation decline (−2.64 %, p = 0.03, GRADE: high) during rest in real high-altitude environments. A meta-analysis also showed that nitrate supplementation did not affect Acute Mountain Sickness (AMS) symptoms (GRADE: high). Conclusion: Our results suggest that nitrate supplementation did not provide benefits for AMS prevention during rest at high altitudes. The low-quality evidence showing small beneficial effects of nitrate supplementation during exercise calls for further studies. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Altitude sickness; Bibliometrics; Dietary supplements; Humans; Nitrates
Barrientos R. D.J.; C. Medina M.C.; T. Fernandes B.J.; A. Barros P.V.	The use of reinforcement learning algorithms in object tracking: A systematic literature review	2024	Neurocomputing	10.1016/j.neucom.2024.127954	Object tracking is a computer vision task that aims to locate and continuously follow the movement of an object in video frames, given an initial annotation. Despite its importance, this task can prove to be challenging due to factors such as occlusion, deformations, and fast motion. Reinforcement Learning (RL) has been proposed as a viable solution for addressing these challenges by adapting to changes in object appearance and effectively handling occlusions, which can improve system performance. This study carries out a Systematic Literature Review on the use of Reinforcement Learning in object tracking between 2015 and 2023, by collecting and analyzing current trends, metrics, and benchmarks used in the field. Guidelines proposed by Kitchenham were used to conduct the research, resulting in 75 studies being accepted based on their score on the quality scale attributed by the authors of this review. The studies were categorized to present the current state of research based on metadata, trends for publication, RL approach, RL algorithm, Deep Learning use, object tracking type, and camera control. Additionally, an analysis was performed on the evaluation process for system performance, focusing on benchmarks and metrics for Single Object Tracking, Multiple Object Tracking, and Active Object Tracking. This study addresses a gap by conducting a comprehensive Systematic Literature Review focusing exclusively on Reinforcement Learning for Object Tracking. The review offers researchers an updated, detailed, and objective scientific overview of the field that can be incorporated into future studies. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Active tracking; Deep learning; Object tracking; Reinforcement learning; Visual tracking
Cui W.; Cui Q.; Dong X.; Liu J.; Song K.; Xie M.; Yao X.	Current research status and emerging trends in utilization of red mud resources: A study based on bibliometric network analysis	2024	Construction and Building Materials	10.1016/j.conbuildmat.2024.137605	The waste residue known as red mud contains harmful elements like alkalis and heavy metals. Presently, the predominant method for managing red mud is through stacking. However, as the quantity of stacked red mud increases and the associated environmental pollution intensifies, it becomes imperative to swiftly adopt measures that maximize the resource utilization potential of red mud. Leveraging data from 2311 literature sources (2001–2023) retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC), this study employs scientific bibliometric analysis to examine the current landscape and project future trends in the realm of red mud resource utilization research. The findings of this study delve comprehensively into several key aspects: (1) the distinctive publication attributes of red mud resource utilization research; (2) essential details about countries, institutions, journals, and disciplines involved in significant red mud utilization research; and (3) a comprehensive consolidation of emerging trends and focal points in the arena of comprehensive red mud utilization research. In summary, this study provides a holistic evaluation of the outcomes achieved through red mud resource utilization research. For those unfamiliar with the domain of red mud resource utilization, the insights gathered from this study can serve as a catalyst for quick assimilation into the field and an understanding of the latest subject developments. Furthermore, for scholars aiming to delve deeper into related fields, this article stands as a valuable cornerstone for reference. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Comprehensive utilization; Heavy metal; Red mud; Sodium alkali
Niza I.L.; Cordeiro Gomes G.C.; Broday E.E.	Indoor environmental quality models: A bibliometric, mapping and clustering review	2024	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2024.114791	Indoor environmental quality (IEQ) plays an essential role within buildings, impacting health, well-being and productivity, considering that individuals spend much of their daily lives indoors. Providing these individuals with a comfortable environment is an important issue. Through a literature review in the Scopus database, one thousand seven hundred and ten articles were identified, of which seventy-eight were selected based on the criteria established. Then, studies on IEQ models were investigated using bibliometric, mapping and hierarchical cluster analysis. The main conclusions of this research are: (I) bibliometric analysis revealed the existence of ninety-five indoor environmental quality models; (II) twelve aspects were identified: tangible aspects (usually measured by an equipment), encompassing thermal comfort, indoor air quality, acoustic comfort and visual comfort; and intangible aspects (mainly obtained by subjective responses via questionnaire), including biophilia and exterior views, cleaning and maintenance, personal control, layout and furniture, location and amenities, colors and textures, friendly atmosphere and pleasure at work; (III) mapping analysis revealed that the indoor air quality aspect is predominant in the models selected; (IV) hierarchical clustering formed five clusters, grouping the aspects thermal comfort and indoor air quality aspects in the same cluster; (V) the visualization of models highlighted the multidisciplinary nature of the indoor environmental quality concept, comprising physiological, psychological and social aspects. These results contributed to verifying the current state of the art and identifying future trends, highlighting a gap related to intangible aspects in the models. Also, improving IEQ by considering occupant behavior can help reduce energy consumption inside buildings. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Buildings; Clustering review; IEQ; IEQ models; Indoor environmental quality
Khosa F.; Stewart M.; Liu L.; Ding J.; Rahmim O.; Abu-Omar A.	Assessing sex and gender equity in submission guidelines of radiology journals: A cross-sectional study	2024	European Journal of Radiology	10.1016/j.ejrad.2024.111628	Purpose: Our study aimed to determine the current percentage of gender and sex equity promoting (GSEP) radiology journals, defined as satisfying at least one criterion of the Sex and Gender Equity in Research (SAGER) checklist, published by the European Association of Science Editors (EASE). A secondary objective was to compare characteristics of GSEP and non-GSEP journals. Methods: A cross-sectional analysis between June 24 and July 3, 2023, was conducted. The author submission guidelines of radiology journals with a 2021 Journal Impact Factor (JIF) were assessed according to the SAGER checklist. GSEP journals were defined as satisfying one or more SAGER checklist criteria in their research instructions. Bibliometric data and journal information were collected from the Journal Citation Reports and National Library of Medicine catalogue. Results: Only 39.7 % (52) of 132 journals satisfied at least one SAGER checklist criterion. Median 2021 JIFs were higher in GSEP journals (4.62, IQR: 3.73 – 5.21) than non-GSEP journals (2.70, IQR: 2.32) (p = 0.00). Median 2021 Journal Citation Index (JCI) scores were higher in GSEP (0.64, 0.56 – 0.73) than non-GSEP journals (0.97, 0.83 – 1.10) (p = 0.00). Cited half-life was shorter for GSEP (5.40, 4.80 – 6.50) than non-GSEP journals (6.70, 5.70 – 7.40) (p = 0.05). Elsevier published 33 of 52 of GSEP journals. Conclusion: 60.3% of radiology journals with a 2021 JIF do not meet a single SAGER checklist criterion in their author submission guidelines. GSEP journals had higher impact and source metrics and a shorter cited half-life. Publishers may play a significant role in promoting endorsement of the SAGER checklist in the author submission guidelines of radiology journals. © 2024 The Author(s)	Affirmative action; Gender inclusivity; Impact factor; Radiology; Research practice; SAGER guidelines
Wang S.; Wang F.; Zhu Z.; Wang J.; Tran T.; Du Z.	Artificial intelligence in education: A systematic literature review	2024	Expert Systems with Applications	10.1016/j.eswa.2024.124167	Artificial intelligence (AI) in education (AIED) has evolved into a substantial body of literature with diverse perspectives. In this review paper, we seek insights into three critical questions: (1) What are the primary categories of AI applications explored in the education field? (2) What are the predominant research topics and their key findings? (3) What is the status of major research design elements, including guiding theories, methodologies, and research contexts? A bibliometric analysis of 2,223 research articles followed by a content analysis of selected 125 papers reveals a comprehensive conceptual structure of the existing literature. The extant AIED research spans a wide spectrum of applications, encompassing those for adaptive learning and personalized tutoring, intelligent assessment and management, profiling and prediction, and emerging products. Research topics delve into both the technical design of education systems and the examination of the adoption, impacts, and challenges associated with AIED. Furthermore, this review highlights the diverse range of theories applied in the AIED literature, the multidisciplinary nature of publication venues, and underexplored research areas. In sum, this research offers valuable insights for interested scholars to comprehend the current state of AIED research and identify future research opportunities in this dynamic field. © 2024 The Author(s)	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Content analysis; Education; Literature review
Farooq M.; Zahra S.G.	Robotics and Artificial Intelligence in Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery: A Bibliometric and Visualization Analysis	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.07.067	Objective: This study aims to highlight the trends in the minimally invasive spine surgery (MISS) research field from the bibliometrics perspective. Methods: The articles and reviews from 2002 to 2022 were manually retrieved from Scopus based on predefined inclusion criteria. A total of 296 articles for robotics and 13 articles for AI were included in the final analysis. All publication records were imported and analyzed in Microsoft Excel and VOSviewer. Results: An increase in the number of publications per year was observed in the last five years. For robotics, the United States published the largest number of articles (161), but the Netherlands had the highest total citations (1216). Beijing Jishuitan Hospital, China, was the most prolific institution. For journals, World Neurosurgery had the most publications (31), while Spine journal was the most impactful (average citation index = 86.6). Wang T.Y was the author with the most published articles (5). For AI, the United States had the greatest number of publications (10) and the highest citations (229). Global Spine Journal had the most publications (3), while Spine had the most citations (112). Kim J.S. was the most cited author (102). Recent keywords mainly focused on techniques and prognoses using these modalities in MISS. There were relatively fewer collaborations among countries. Conclusions: An increasing trend in publications regarding robotics and AI use reflects the recent MISS technique advancements. Our findings can provide useful information to identify potential research fronts in the coming years. Enhanced collaboration on an international level should be pursued. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometrics; Neurosurgery; Prognosis; Robotics
Nazli S.N.; Vilcins D.; Sly P.D.; Razak A.A.; Sabri N.; Ibrahim T.N.B.T.	Indoor Air Quality: Bibliometric Analysis of the Published Literature Between 2018 and 2023	2024	Environmental Quality Management	10.1002/tqem.22297	This bibliometric study employs a rigorous approach to scrutinize and visually represent the existing body of literature on indoor air quality (IAQ). Utilizing the Scopus collection database, we conducted an exhaustive exploration of published research literature in the IAQ field. The study involves a thorough visual analysis using Harzing's Publish and Perish and VOSviewer software programs, examining parameters such as citations, publication year, journals, authors, research institutions, countries, and research topics. A total of 1729 pieces of literature related to IAQ research from 2018 to 2023 were retrieved. The dominant formats were articles and conference papers, underscoring their significance in IAQ documentation. Primary subject areas included “Engineering” and “Environmental Science,” highlighting the multidisciplinary nature of IAQ studies. The upward trend in IAQ publications, reaching 330 articles in 2023, emphasizes the growing importance of this field. However, citation impact varied, emphasizing the need to assess research quality alongside quantity. Global distribution identified leading countries, including the United States, China, and the United Kingdom, which were also top contributors in co-authorship and country-level analyses. The top journals were “Building and Environment” and “Sustainable Cities and Society,” showcasing varying publication and citation powers. Notable impactful articles in the IAQ domain were led by Agarwal et al. and Van Tran, Park, and Lee. Keyword co-occurrence analysis identified thematic clusters, with keywords such as “Indoor Air Quality (IAQ),” “Air Quality,” and “Indoor Air Pollution” dominating the literature. Through a comprehensive analysis of published literature, this study provides a visual representation of studies with significant contributions to the IAQ field, offering insights into its development and changes from 2018 to 2023. The findings also guide future IAQ research directions. © 2024 The Author(s). Environmental Quality Management published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.	bibliometric analysis; bibliometrics; IAQ; indoor air quality; VOSviewer
Astorayme M.A.; Vázquez-Rowe I.; Kahhat R.	The use of artificial intelligence algorithms to detect macroplastics in aquatic environments: A critical review	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173843	The presence of macroplastic (MP) is having serious consequences on natural ecosystems, directly affecting biota and human wellbeing. Given this scenario, estimating MPs' abundance is crucial for assessing the issue and formulating effective waste management strategies. In this context, the main objective of this critical review is to analyze the use of machine learning (ML) techniques, with a particular interest in deep learning (DL) approaches, to detect, classify and quantify MPs in aquatic environments, supported by datasets such as satellite or aerial images and video recordings taken by unmanned aerial vehicles. This article provides a concise overview of artificial intelligence concepts, followed by a bibliometric analysis and a critical review. The search methodology aimed to categorize the scientific contributions through temporal and spatial criteria for bibliometric analysis, whereas the critical review was based on generating homogeneous groups according to the complexity of ML and DL methods, as well as the type of dataset. In light of the review carried out, classical ML techniques, such as random forest or support vector machines, showed robustness in MPs detection. However, it seems that achieving optimal efficiencies in multiclass classification is a limitation for these methods. Consequently, more advanced techniques such as DL approaches are taking the lead for the detection and multiclass classification of MPs. A series of architectures based on convolutional neural networks, and the use of complex pre-trained models through the transfer learning, are currently being explored (e.g., VGG16 and YOLO models), although currently the computational expense is high due to the need for processing large volumes of data. Additionally, there seems to be a trend towards detecting smaller plastic, which need higher resolution images. Finally, it is important to stress that since 2020 there has been a significant increase in scientific research focusing on transformer-based architectures for object detection. Although this can be considered the current state of the art, no studies have been identified that utilize these architectures for MP detection. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Circular economy; Deep learning; Industrial ecology; Machine learning; Marine litter; Plastic waste
Castro C.; Leiva V.; Garrido D.; Huerta M.; Minatogawa V.	Blockchain in clinical trials: Bibliometric and network studies of applications, challenges, and future prospects based on data analytics	2024	Computer Methods and Programs in Biomedicine	10.1016/j.cmpb.2024.108321	This study conducts a comprehensive analysis on the usage of the blockchain technology in clinical trials, based on a curated corpus of 107 scientific articles from the year 2016 through the first quarter of 2024. Utilizing a methodological framework that integrates bibliometric analysis, network analysis, thematic mapping, and latent Dirichlet allocation, the study explores the terrain and prospective developments within this usage based on data analytics. Through a meticulous examination of the analyzed articles, the present study identifies seven key thematic areas, highlighting the diverse applications and interdisciplinary nature of blockchain in clinical trials. Our findings reveal blockchain capability to enhance data management, participant consent processes, as well as overall trial transparency, efficiency, and security. Additionally, the investigation discloses the emerging synergy between blockchain and advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence and federated learning, proposing innovative directions for improving clinical research methodologies. Our study underscores the collaborative efforts in dealing with the complexities of integrating blockchain into the areas of clinical trials and healthcare, delineating the transformative potential of blockchain technology in revolutionizing these areas by addressing challenges and promoting practices of efficient, secure, and transparent research. The delineated themes and networks of collaboration provide a blueprint for future inquiry, showing the importance of empirical research to narrow the gap between theoretical promise and practical implementation. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometry; Blockchain technology; Data management; Interdisciplinary research; Latent Dirichlet allocation; Network analysis; PRISMA methodology
Merigó J.M.; Gil-Lafuente A.M.; Kydland F.; Amiguet L.; Vivoda V.; Campbell G.; Lei Y.; Fleming-Muñoz D.	50 years of Resources Policy: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Resources Policy	10.1016/j.resourpol.2024.105229	Resources Policy is a leading international journal in the field of economics and policy issues related to mineral and fossil fuel extraction, production, and use. The journal was created in 1974 and in 2024 celebrates its 50th anniversary. Motivated by this special event, this paper presents a bibliometric overview of the leading trends of the journal during its first half-century of existence. This paper analyses Resources Policy's publication and citation structure using the Web of Science Core Collection and examines various aspects, including the most cited documents, productive authors, institutions, countries, and popular keywords, and topics. The paper also develops a graphical visualization of the bibliographic data using the Visualization of Similarities (VOS) viewer software. This approach utilises various bibliometric techniques, including bibliographic coupling, co-citation, and co-occurrence of keywords. The results demonstrate a significant expansion of the journal over the past five years and highlight its global profile, with publications from around the world. Currently, Chinese researchers are the most productive, due to a significant increase in their contributions over the last five years. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Co-citation; Scopus; VOS viewer; Web of Science
Zaščirinska K.; Šuriņa S.; Mārtinsone K.	Trends in dance/movement therapy research: A bibliometric analysis of publications in the scopus bibliographic and citation information database	2024	Arts in Psychotherapy	10.1016/j.aip.2024.102195	In recent years, the number of publications on dance/movement therapy has increased. However, there has been no comprehensive quantitative assessment of dance/movement therapy publications that analyze research trends, impact, and structure. This study aims to provide an overview of research trends in dance/movement therapy by identifying the influencing factors of publications and analyzing the research structure. The study analyzed 589 publications retrieved from the Scopus database. Indicators of productivity, impact, and collaboration were determined. The study is the first bibliometric analysis in dance/movement therapy. The results show publications in the fields of medicine, psychology, and healthcare, mainly with authors from the United States, the United Kingdom, Israel, and Germany. Although several publications are available, only a few authors have more than one publication. This resource can be used by researchers, practitioners, and students in dance/movement therapy. It provides an overview of existing research and suggests potential avenues for future research. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Dance/movement therapy; Research trends
Boubakri A.; Elgharbi S.; Bouguecha S.; Orfi J.; El Oudi M.; Bechambi O.; Hafiane A.	An in-depth analysis of membrane distillation research (1990–2023): Exploring trends and future directions through bibliometric approach	2024	Journal of Environmental Management	10.1016/j.jenvman.2024.121942	This bibliometric analysis offers a comprehensive investigation into membrane distillation (MD) research from 1990 to 2023. Covering 4389 publications, the analysis sheds light on the evolution, trends, and future directions of the field. It delves into authorship patterns, publication trends, prominent journals, and global contributions to reveal collaborative networks, research hotspots, and emerging themes within MD research. The findings demonstrate extensive global participation, with esteemed journals such as Desalination and the Journal of Membrane Science serving as key platforms for disseminating cutting-edge research. The analysis further identifies crucial themes and concepts driving MD research, ranging from membrane properties to strategies for mitigating membrane fouling. Co-occurrence analysis further highlights the interconnectedness of research themes, showcasing advancements in materials, sustainable heating strategies, contaminant treatment, and resource management. Overlay co-occurrence analysis provides temporal perspective on emerging research trends, delineating six key topics that will likely shape the future of MD. These include innovations in materials and surface engineering, sustainable heating strategies, emerging contaminants treatment, sustainable water management, data-driven approaches, and sustainability assessments. Finally, the study serves as a roadmap for researchers and engineers navigating the dynamic landscape of MD research, offering insights into current trends and future trajectories, ultimately aiming to propel MD technology towards enhanced performance, sustainability, and global relevance. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Future directions; Membrane distillation; Research hotspots; Sustainability; Water scarcity
Iqbal S.; Aftab K.; tul Jannat F.; Ali Baig M.; Kalsoom U.	A bibliographic analysis of optimization of hydrogen production via electrochemical method using machine learning	2024	Fuel	10.1016/j.fuel.2024.132126	The utilization of hydrogen energy is crucial for addressing environmental issues stemming from fuel catastrophes and greenhouse gas emissions. However, scientific advancements are still needed to determine the optimal technological paths for economical and eco-friendly hydrogen production. The paper presents a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the evolving landscape of hydrogen evolution reaction and oxygen evolution reaction through electrochemical methods, with a specific focus on the optimization achieved through machine learning techniques. A corpus of 306 documents, comprising 276 articles and 33 reviews, spanning the years 2009 to 2023, was systematically extracted from the Web of Science database. Employing sophisticated bibliometric tools such as VOSviewer, Bibliometric, HistCite, and Giphe, an in-depth examination of the scholarly output was conducted in this domain. The analysis not only identifies key contributors shaping the field but also investigates the interdisciplinary connections that have played crucial roles in advancing the optimization of electrochemical hydrogen production. The review highlights the emergence of novel approaches, such as density functional theory coupled with neural networks for catalyst discovery, and support vector machine learning for optimizing small to medium size data set. In addition, a range of artificial intelligence techniques such as multilayer perceptron-artificial neural networking, adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system, genetic algorithms-adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system and gaussian process lead to the highest correlation and the lowest error for prediction of the hydrogen production. In brief, the study provides valuable insights into emerging trends and future research directions in the field of clean energy and sustainability. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Deep learning; Hydrogen production
Yu R.; Jiang J.; Wang Q.; Wang Y.; Zhao X.	The Hotspots and Frontier Trends of Artificial Intelligence in the Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment of Alzheimer's Disease：Bibliometric Analysis of the Past 20 Years; [人工智能在阿尔茨海默病临床诊疗中的研究热点及前沿趋势分析]	2024	Chinese General Practice	10.12114/j.issn.1007-9572.2023.0704	Background Currently，the number of research papers on the application of artificial intelligence to the field of Alzheimer's disease（AD）has increased significantly. It is important to clarify the latest research hotspots and future development trends in this field. Objective To summarize the relevant research on the application of artificial intelligence to AD through bibliometric analysis，and clarify the research hotspots and trends from 2004 to 2023. Methods Literature on the application of artificial intelligence to AD from January 2004 to June 2023 was searched for in the Web of Science core database，and Microsoft Office Excel，CiteSpace，and VOSviewer software were used to visually analyze the number of publications，countries，authors，institutions，keywords，and co-citation networks of the literature. Results Ultimately 3 189 articles were included. The number of literature on the application of artificial intelligence to AD has steadily increased since 2004 and has grown rapidly since 2015，with a maximum of over 600 articles. A total of 94 countries，3 930 institutions，13 563 authors，and 52 019 cited authors participated in this study. Among them，the United States and China were in a leading position in this field；Republic of Korea universities ranked first in terms of the number of publications；In addition，ZHANG DAOQIANG，LIU MINGXIA，SUK HEUNG-IL，and CLIFFORD R. JACK Jr were not only prolific authors but also the authors with the most citations. The visualization analysis of keywords and literature citations revealed that regarding the application of artificial intelligence to AD，the diagnosis and disease course classification of AD，as well as the prediction of its risk factors，are current research hotspots and that task analysis are future research trends. Conclusion The application of artificial intelligence to AD has attracted widespread attention from researchers worldwide. The diagnosis and classification of AD，as well as the prediction of its risk factors，are current research hotspots. Developing adjunctive drugs in task analysis，personalized treatment and care，and improving the algorithm performance of artificial intelligence may be research trends in the future. © 2024 Chinese General Practice. All rights reserved.	Alzheimer disease; Artificial intelligence; Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Dementia; VOSviewer
Li D.; Tao L.; Yang J.; Cai W.; Shen W.	Global research trends in acupuncture treatment for post-stroke depression: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Complementary Therapies in Medicine	10.1016/j.ctim.2024.103070	Objective: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a prevalent and severe sequela of stroke. It is an emotional disorder that significantly impacts functional recovery, prognosis, secondary stroke risk, and mortality among stroke survivors. The incidence rate of PSD is 18 %∼33 %, with symptoms such as low mood, decreased interest, sleep disorders, decreased appetite, impaired attention, and in severe cases, hallucinations and even suicidal tendencies. While diverse therapeutic modalities are employed globally to address PSD, each approach carries its inherent advantages and limitations. Notably, acupuncture stands out as a promising and effective intervention for ameliorating PSD symptoms and enhancing stroke prognosis. This study aims to conduct a bibliometric analysis to scrutinize the current landscape, identify hotspots, and explore frontiers in acupuncture research for PSD. Methods: A systematic search for acupuncture and PSD-related research was conducted from January 2014 to October 2023 on the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). The data were downloaded and processed using Bibliometrix and VOSviewer to generate knowledge visualization maps. Results: A total of 11,540 articles related to acupuncture and PSD were retrieved. China emerged as the leading contributor with the highest volume of articles on acupuncture and PSD. Author Liu CZ attained the highest H-index, focusing primarily on investigating the compatibility effects and mechanisms of acupoints. Common hotspot keywords included pain, stimulation, mechanisms, complementary, and alternative medicine. The main research frontiers were mechanisms, neuroinflammation, gut microbiota, and therapeutic methods. Conclusion: This study offered multifaceted insights into acupuncture for PSD, unveiling pivotal areas, research hotspots, and emerging trends. The findings aimed to guide researchers in exploring novel research directions and selecting appropriate journals for advancing the understanding and treatment of PSD through acupuncture interventions. © 2024 The Authors	Acupuncture; Bibliometric analysis; Post stroke depression; Research direction; VOSviewer
Peng Y.; Au-Yong C.P.; Myeda N.E.	Knowledge graph of building information modelling (BIM) for facilities management (FM)	2024	Automation in Construction	10.1016/j.autcon.2024.105492	Building Information Modelling (BIM) has emerged as a transformative technology in the field of Facilities Management (FM), which has in turn transformed methodologies and procedures. Therefore, a necessary task is to examine the present condition of the scholarly undertakings in this area and its imminent innovation prospects. The paper pioneers the development a BIM knowledge graph for FM by establishing a visual map of the interrelated themes for better understanding. Along with the use of VOS viewer and R-Bibliometrix software, this paper performed a comprehensive bibliometric analysis on 291 BIM-FM-related documents from the Web of Science (WOS) database for the periods from 2003 to 2023. Findings show the BIM-FM body of knowledge: technological integration and innovation, implementation and adoption strategies, sustainability and energy efficiency, education and professional development, and data management and analysis. This paper substantially contributes to an increasing dynamic discipline and presents future research path for its advancement. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Building information modelling; Facilities management; Knowledge graph; Review
Laino E.; Paranunzio R.; Iglesias G.	Scientometric review on multiple climate-related hazards indices	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.174004	As the spectre of climate change looms large, there is an increasing imperative to develop comprehensive risk assessment tools. The purpose of this work is to evaluate the evolution and current state of research on multi-hazard indices associated with climate-related hazards, highlighting their crucial role in effective risk assessment amidst the growing challenges of climate change. A notable gap in cross-regional comparative studies persists, presenting an opportunity for future research to enhance global understanding and foster universal resilience strategies. However, a significant surge in research output is apparent, following key global milestones related to climate change action. The research landscape is shown to be highly responsive to international policy developments, increasingly adopting interdisciplinary approaches that integrate physical, social, and technological dimensions. Findings reveal a robust emphasis on geospatial analysis and the development of various indices that transform abstract climate risks into actionable data, underscoring a trend towards localized, context-specific vulnerability assessments. Based on dataset systematically curated under the PRISMA guidelines, the review explores how prevailing research themes are reflected in influential journals and author networks, mapping out a dynamic and expanding academic community. Moreover, this work provides critical insights into the underlying literature by conducting a thematic analysis on the typology of studies, the focus on coastal areas, the inclusion of climate change scenarios, the geographical coverage, and the types of climate-related hazards. The practical implications of this review are profound, providing policymakers and practitioners with meaningful insights to enhance climate change mitigation and adaptation efforts through the application of index-based methodologies. By charting a course for future scholarly endeavours, this article aims to strengthen the scientific foundations supporting resilient and adaptive strategies for regions worldwide facing the multifaceted impacts of climate change. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Climate change impacts; Climate hazards; Multi-hazard assessment; Risk index; Scientometric analysis
Guan L.S.; Henderson M.N.; Singh H.; Guyer O.; Massaro-Giordano M.	Evaluation of Research Productivity Among Academic Cornea, External Diseases, and Refractive Surgery Ophthalmologists Using the Relative Citation Ratio	2024	Cornea	10.1097/ICO.0000000000003512	Purpose: The purpose of this study was to provide relative citation ratio (RCR) benchmark data for cornea and external diseases specialists. Design: This is a cross-sectional bibliometric analysis. Subjects: Subjects included were fellowship-trained cornea and external diseases faculty at Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education-accredited institutions in the United States. Methods: Academic specialists were indexed using the National Institutes of Health iCite Web site. Publication count, mean RCR score, and weighted RCR score were obtained between October 2022 and January 2023 by examining PubMed-listed publications from 1980 to 2022. Data were compared by sex, career duration, academic rank, and acquisition of a Doctor of Philosophy. Main outcome measures: The main outcome measures were publication count, mean RCR value, and weighted RCR value. Results: The cohort included 602 specialists from 112 Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education-accredited institutions. These clinician-scientists produced highly impactful research with a median publication count of 15 (interquartile ranges 4-41), median RCR of 1.4 (interquartile ranges 0.91-1.88), and median-weighted RCR of 20.28 (5.3-66.69). Both academic rank and career length were associated with greater publication count and RCR values. Male sex was also associated with greater publications counts and RCR scores compared with female faculty. Acquisition of a Doctor of Philosophy was associated with greater publication counts and weighted RCR scores but no difference in mean RCR scores. Conclusions: Academic cornea and external diseases specialists conduct high-impact research, with a median RCR of 1.4, exceeding the NIH standard value of 1. These data provide RCR benchmark data for the field to inform self, institutional, and departmental evaluations. These results also highlight a significant gender disparity in the field necessitating efforts to increase female representation and ensure equal opportunities.  Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.	academic medicine; bibliometrics; relative citation ratio; research productivity
Feng Z.; Hao Z.; Zhao B.; Feng Z.; Huang D.; Huo J.	Fluorescent probe applications and prospects in gastrointestinal cancer: A bibliometric analysis	2024	European Journal of Surgical Oncology	10.1016/j.ejso.2024.108565	Background: Gastrointestinal tumors, as one of the most common cancers worldwide, pose a significant threat to human health. In this context, the advent of fluorescence probe technology has offered new perspectives and methods for the diagnosis and surgical treatment of gastrointestinal tumors. However, there is currently a lack of systematic bibliometric analysis on the research concerning gastrointestinal cancer and fluorescence probes. Method: This study retrieved and comprehensively analyzed 1816 documents from the Web of Science database using the Cite Space tool, exploring the spatiotemporal distribution, author and subject category distribution, research themes, and keywords in this field. Results: As of February 3, 2024, a total of 1816 records were retrieved, encompassing nine document types. Original research papers dominated the dataset, accounting for 89.922 %, followed by review articles at 6.773 %. We conducted a comprehensive analysis from various perspectives including countries, authors, institutions, keywords, journals, and references. Our findings reveal a strengthening trend in research on gastrointestinal cancer and fluorescent probes since 2010, with primary focus on drug delivery, endoscopy techniques, and genomic hybridization. Conclusion: In recent years, there has been a growing interest in the design, application, and quantitative analysis techniques of fluorescent probes, marking a notable frontier in this field. Our research findings offer fundamental insights and aid in identifying potential collaborators for future endeavors in this area. © 2024	Fluorescence probe; Gastric cancer; Gastrointestinal cancer; Liver cancer; Noninvasive diagnosis; Optical diagnosis
Bachhati L.; Mujahid Irfan M.; Koti Reddy B.	Mapping collaborative dynamics and evolutionary trends in wireless power transfer for electric vehicles: A scientometric analysis	2024	Results in Engineering	10.1016/j.rineng.2024.102463	Wireless charging modules for electric vehicles play an important role in advancing sustainable urban transportation. This study investigated the social dynamics of research in this domain. We achieve this by analyzing the collaborative networks of authors and countries, evaluating the influence of prominent researchers and seminal works, and exploring the interactions between researchers. The main objective of this analysis is to project insights into the prevailing trends and advancements in this domain and to track research trends in Wireless Power Transfer (WPT) for Electric Vehicles (EV), identify key researchers and institutions, and measure the impact of publications through citation analysis. The findings of this study will help researchers and industries obtain a realistic picture of WPT technology. Analyzing all articles related to wireless power charging in electrical vehicles from Scopus publications spanning 2003 to 2024 resulted in the collection of 450 publications. After applying the defined selection criteria, such as relevance to the latest trends in WPT for electric vehicles, publication type, and quality of research, 327 articles were obtained. Furthermore, 327 articles were filtered to 127 from 2017 to 2024 for in-depth investigation. Collaboration patterns and research trends were analyzed using bibliometric methods and statistical tools such as co-authorship analysis, co-citation analysis, and citation network analysis. This analysis reveals a consistent increase in publications, indicating growing academic and industrial interest, and found significant regional variations in research focus, with unique scientific writing styles emerging in different countries. This research underscores the significance of international cooperation in accelerating advancements in WPT for electric vehicles and intends to promote innovation and collaboration in this important subject by providing useful knowledge for researchers, policymakers, and industry. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Charging batteries; DC-DC converters; Electric vehicles; Inductive power transfer; Wireless power transfer
Zubair H.; Susilawati S.; Talei A.	Scientometric literature review: Effects of Work from Home (WFH) on transportation system	2024	Multimodal Transportation	10.1016/j.multra.2024.100152	This literature survey aims to provide a broad view of studies on work from home (WFH) and its effect on travel behaviour published from 1975 to 5 February 2024 by employing bibliometric mapping in VOSviewer. The cluster analysis was deployed to identify collaboration among authors, institutions, and journals, the most co-cited articles and journals, and study terms co-occurrence. The detailed movement of information in each study was visualised using Sankey diagrams. This literature survey was conducted to develop the relationship between WFH and transport-related parameters, including travel behaviour, trip distance, housing location and land use management and to assess WFH's direct and indirect effects on household trips. The results revealed that most studies used questionnaire surveys for data collection and regression models for analysis. The least targeted parameters were home relocation, free choice of WFH, ICT, the effect of WFH on other household member trips per day, cross-country research, trip chaining, employers' perspectives on WFH, exact working location instead of home, and preferences of essential workers. The findings can assist researchers in identifying influential authors or institutions for future collaborations and the combination of parameters and future research directions that can be explored. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Cluster analysis; Sankey diagram; Scientometric; VOSviewer; WFH; WFH and transport
Olisah C.; Malloum A.; Adegoke K.A.; Ighalo J.O.; Conradie J.; Ohoro C.R.; Amaku J.F.; Oyedotun K.O.; Maxakato N.W.; Akpomie K.G.; Sunday Okeke E.	Scientometric trends and knowledge maps of global polychlorinated naphthalenes research over the past four decades	2024	Environmental Pollution	10.1016/j.envpol.2024.124407	Polychlorinated naphthalenes (PCNs) were included in the banned list of the Stockholm Convention due to their potential to provoke a wide range of adverse effects on living organisms and the environment. Many reviews have been written to clarify the state of knowledge and identify the research needs of this pollutant class. However, studies have yet to analyse the scientometric complexities of PCN literature. In this study, we used bibliometric R and vosviewer programs as a scientometric tool to fill this gap by focusing on articles indexed on Web of Science and Scopus databases and those published between 1973 and 2022. A total of 707 articles were published within this period with a publication/author, author/publication, and co-authors/publication ratios of 0.45, 2.19, and 4.86, respectively. Developed countries dominated most scientometric indices (number of publications, citations, and collaboration networks) in the survey period. Lotka's inverse square rule of author productivity showed that Lotka's laws do not fit PCN literature. An annual percentage growth rate of 7.46% and a Kolmogorov-Smirnoff goodness-of-fit of 0.88 suggests that more output on PCNs is likely in years to come. More research is needed from scholars from developing countries to measure the supremacy of the developed nations and to effectively comply with the Stockholm Convention agreement. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric; Chlorinated compounds; Human health; Persistent organic pollutants; Toxicity
Kumar R.; Althaqafi E.; Patro S.G.K.; Simic V.; Babbar A.; Pamucar D.; Singh S.K.; Verma A.	Machine and deep learning methods for concrete strength Prediction: A bibliometric and content analysis review of research trends and future directions	2024	Applied Soft Computing	10.1016/j.asoc.2024.111956	This review paper provides a detailed evaluation of the existing landscape and future trends in applying machine learning and deep learning approaches for predicting concrete strength in construction engineering. The study contextualizes the investigation of machine learning and deep learning in concrete strength prediction, emphasizing the need for precise strength forecasting in construction. This hybrid review uses quantitative analysis of an extensive collection of 1005 research publications from the Scopus database (2010−2023) to identify clusters, hotspots, and gaps in this area, giving a systematic way to analyze the field's dynamics. This review reveals major research clusters such as concrete characteristics, sustainability, error analysis, and optimization. It identifies research hotspots like compressive strength prediction, reinforced concrete, and neural networks. The review illuminates future research paths, ethical concerns, and environmental implications. It emphasizes the relevance of fairness, bias reduction, and sustainability in developing and deploying machine and deep learning models in the construction sector and the necessity for specialized models in forecasting concrete durability, sustainable concrete strength, and shear strength. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Concrete Strength Prediction; Construction Engineering; Deep Learning; Machine Learning; Review
Dayana Anandhi E.; Velmurugan G.	Understanding individual financial stability: A systematic review and bibliometric analysis (1994 – 2023)	2024	Multidisciplinary Reviews	10.31893/multirev.2024208	Research on financial well-being has recently captured the attention of academics, financial analysts, and practitioners. It is indicated by research that individuals with elevated levels of financial well-being demonstrate greater resilience in facing financial shocks, pursue opportunities for economic progress, and report higher overall satisfaction. However, despite the growing number of publications and research efforts on financial well-being, examination of literature regarding individual financial well-being remains underdeveloped and fragmented. Moreover, there are few studies that examine the influence of key factors on individuals' well-being and acknowledge the significance of financial well-being's objective and subjective components. To address this gap, our study focuses on individual financial well-being by employing a systematic literature review and bibliometric analysis. Data obtained from the Scopus database were examined using R-Packages and VOSviewer. Our goal is to systematically review the key factors determining a person's financial well-being and discuss how these factors enhance individual well-being. The significance of both subjective perceptions and objective financial metrics for overall well-being is also highlighted. The paper presents a comprehensive analysis of various theories used in understanding financial well-being, thereby expanding the scope of research in this field. Our contribution includes proposing a novel definition based on literature evaluation of one's financial well-being, which considers an individual's present and future desired living standard, as well as their aspirations for financial freedom. The work aims to encourage further research on financial well-being, informing potential interventions by governments and financial institutions. © 2024, Malque Publishing. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; financial well-being; objective financial well-being; subjective financial well-being; systematic review
Li M.; Yuan Y.; Hou Z.; Hao S.; Jin L.; Wang B.	Human brain organoid: trends, evolution, and remaining challenges	2024	Neural Regeneration Research	10.4103/1673-5374.390972	Advanced brain organoids provide promising platforms for deciphering the cellular and molecular processes of human neural development and diseases. Although various studies and reviews have described developments and advancements in brain organoids, few studies have comprehensively summarized and analyzed the global trends in this area of neuroscience. To identify and further facilitate the development of cerebral organoids, we utilized bibliometrics and visualization methods to analyze the global trends and evolution of brain organoids in the last 10 years. First, annual publications, countries/ regions, organizations, journals, authors, co-citations, and keywords relating to brain organoids were identified. The hotspots in this field were also systematically identified. Subsequently, current applications for brain organoids in neuroscience, including human neural development, neural disorders, infectious diseases, regenerative medicine, drug discovery, and toxicity assessment studies, are comprehensively discussed. Towards that end, several considerations regarding the current challenges in brain organoid research and future strategies to advance neuroscience will be presented to further promote their application in neurological research. © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publications. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; brain organoids; cerebral organoids; global trends; neuroscience
Wang Y.; Li X.; Yang H.; Wu Y.; Pu Q.; He W.; Li X.	A review of tire wear particles: Occurrence, adverse effects, and control strategies	2024	Ecotoxicology and Environmental Safety	10.1016/j.ecoenv.2024.116782	Tire wear particles (TWPs), common mixed particulate emerging contaminants in the environment, have global per capita emissions accounting for 0.23–1.9 kg/year, attracting global attention recently due to their wide detection, small size, mobility, and high toxicity. This review focuses on the occurrence characteristics of TWPs in multiple environmental media, adverse effects on organisms, potential toxicity mechanisms, and environmental risk prevention and control strategies of TWPs. The environmental fate of TWPs throughout the entire process is systematically investigated by the bibliometric analysis function of CiteSpace. This review supplements the gap in the joint toxicity and related toxicity mechanisms of TWPs with other environmental pollutants. Based on the risks review of TWPs and their additives, adverse impacts have been found in organisms from aquatic environments, soil, and humans, such as the growth inhibition effect on Chironomus dilutes. A multi-faceted and rationalized prevention and control treatment of “source-process-end” for the whole process can be achieved by regulating the use of studded tires, improving the tire additive formula, growing plants roadside, encouraging micro-degradation, and other methods, which are first reviewed. By addressing the current knowledge gaps and exploring prospects, this study contributes to developing strategies for reducing risks and assessing the fate of TWPs in multiple environmental media. © 2024 The Authors	Emerging contaminants; Environmental distribution characteristics; Environmental ecological risks; Joint toxicity; Pollution control measures; Potential toxicity mechanisms
Yanzhe D.; Jianlin H.; Zhibin D.; Nan J.; Lijuan S.; Yuqing Y.; Cungen M.	Visual analysis of the effect of apoptosis on ischemic stroke	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.430	BACKGROUND: Ischemic stroke is a highly prevalent disease associated with apoptosis. Neuronal death occurs after cerebral ischemia, including necrosis and apoptosis. The ischemic core region is dominated by necrosis, while delayed neuronal death in the penumbra is dominated by apoptosis. The penumbra has become a target for the treatment of ischemic stroke. This bibliometric analysis was used to identify the characteristics, hotspots, and frontiers of global scientific output related to apoptosis in ischemic stroke over the past 5 years. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the role of apoptosis and its mechanisms in the pathological process of ischemic stroke through a bibliometric approach. METHODS: A total of 927 relevant literature records from 2018 to 2022 were retrieved from Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded) and Social Science Citation Index Expanded (SSCI-Expanded) of the Web of Science Core Collection. Research trends and hotspots of apoptosis in ischemic stroke were visualized using Citespace, VOSviewer and Bibliometrix. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: From 2018 to 2020, the number of papers on the role of apoptosis in ischemic stroke showed an upward trend, but in 2020, the number of papers began to reduce. China had the largest number of publications, and the United States ranked the second. Capital Medical University and BRAIN RESEARCH BULLETIN were the institutions and journals with the most articles, respectively. In recent years, the two keywords “expression” and “oxidative stress” have appeared more frequently. The bibliometric study showed that in the past 5 years, most of the studies focused on basic research, in which research on the role of apoptosis in ischemic stroke has gradually decreased in the last 3 years, showing a downward trend. On the contrary, nerve regeneration has gradually become a research hotspot, especially the regulation of neurotrophic factors under the influence of different mechanisms, and the research on angiogenesis and glial cell repair is on the rise. At the same time, apoptosis in nerve regeneration is a potential point of discovery. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; cell apoptosis; Citespace; ischemic stroke; VOSviewer
Zhu J.; Liu H.; Kong J.; Wang J.; Ji W.; Wei Z.; Yao X.; Wang X.	Exploring hydrogen storage safety research by bibliometric analysis	2024	International Journal of Hydrogen Energy	10.1016/j.ijhydene.2024.07.285	The application of hydrogen energy is affected by the safety of hydrogen storage system. To grasp the current status of research and application in the research field of hydrogen storage safety and explore its research development trend, data analysis techniques, such as co-occurrence, co-citation, and burst detection, were adopted to conduct bibliometric analysis of the relevant literature. The study results show that the research hotspots of hydrogen storage safety mainly concentrate on six aspects: the stability of metal hydride hydrogen storage materials, the study of thermal management and stress relief in metal hydride reactors, the safety analysis of hydrogen fuel cells and hydrogen leakage monitoring, the analysis of leakage and explosion risks in hydrogen refueling stations, the study of filling pressure and temperature distribution in hydrogen storage tanks, and the study of safety issues in underground hydrogen storage. Mg-based hydride stability and underground hydrogen storage risk analyses are current research frontiers in hydrogen storage safety. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Hydrogen storage systems; Research frontiers; Safety
Xu W.; Xu Z.; Guo Y.; Wu J.	Two decades of research on the role of diet in Alzheimer’s disease (2003–2023): a bibliometric and visual analysis based on CiteSpace	2024	Journal of Health, Population and Nutrition	10.1186/s41043-024-00503-9	Background: In recent years, the impact of diet on Alzheimer's disease (AD) as a modifiable lifestyle has attracted widespread attention. We aimed to elucidate the current research status, frontiers, and research trends regarding the role of diet in AD over the past two decades through CiteSpace. Methods: Studies related to AD and diet that were published from January 1, 2003, to June 30, 2023, were retrieved via the Web of Science Core Collection. We imported the study data into CiteSpace for visual analysis of countries, institutions, co-authors, and co-occurring keywords. Results: A total of 922 relevant studies were included in our analysis, which found Nikolaos Scarmeas was the most prolific author (13 studies, 1.41%). The results also indicated that USA and Columbia University were the country and institution with the highest number of publications, with 209 (22.67%) and 23 (2.49%), respectively. The keywords that had a burst in the past four years were neuroinflammation, AD, tau, association, and beta. Conclusion: Talent exchange and regional cooperation are recommended in this study field. The results indicate that the effectiveness of various dietary patterns and mechanisms of dietary interventions using biomarkers and supplementation with refined nutrients will be the main research trends in the future. © 2024, The Author(s).	Alzheimer’s disease; Bibliometric; CiteSpace; Diet; Nutrient; Visual analysis
Razi U.; Karim S.; Cheong C.W.H.	From turbulence to resilience: A bibliometric insight into the complex interactions between energy price volatility and green finance	2024	Energy	10.1016/j.energy.2024.131992	Given the growing concerns over climate change and energy price dynamics, this study provides a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of energy price volatility (turbulence) and the resilience of green financial markets. Using data from Scopus from 1994 to October 2023, we employ performance analysis, science mapping, and thematic analysis through bibliometric study. Efficient Market Hypothesis (EMH), Game Theory, Dynamic Capabilities, and Resource-based view provide solid theoretical foundations for understanding these dynamics. Our findings reveal four critical themes: sustainable development in the green energy sector, technological innovations and renewable energy integration, economic foundations and investment dynamics in green financial markets, and environmental impact and policy influence. The analysis highlights the pivotal role of green finance in mitigating energy market fluctuations and promoting sustainable development. Policymakers and practitioners should leverage innovative green financing strategies to enhance economic resilience and drive long-term sustainable development. We propose thought-provoking questions to guide future research on these themes. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Energy price volatility; Green finance; Green resilience; Renewable energy investments
Chi J.; Kamarudin S.; Rahman S.N.A.	Connecting Pixels to Trust: A Systematic Review of the Relationship Between Government Social Media Usage and Citizens' Trust in Government	2024	Studies in Media and Communication	10.11114/smc.v12i3.6797	Government social media has garnered significant attention due to its impact on citizens' attitudes, prompting extensive academic research. This review aims to delineate a decade-spanning corpus of literature, discern prevalent research trends, and propose a prospective research agenda in this domain. Employing systematic literature review and PRISMA methodologies, our investigation identified 22 published articles through comprehensive keyword searches across Scopus, Google Scholar, CNKI, and ProQuest databases, ensuring a diverse representation of geographic areas to capture the global perspective on this issue. This study mainly utilize a mixed research methodology encompassing bibliometrics and content analysis to analyze data results. This paper conducted a bibliometric analysis revealing that the relationship between government social media usage and citizens' trust in the government remains a contentious topic. To delve deeper into this relationship, the selected literature were categorized into three distinct research themes through content analysis, forming a comprehensive conceptual framework. Upon meticulous analysis, the findings suggest that future research should explore the communication field more extensively, encompass a broader range of research topics, employ refined concepts, and examine the mediating role of audience behavior, particularly focusing on the behavior of young people. Furthermore, researchers are encouraged to adopt a more thorough and detailed systematic approach when reviewing relevant literature on government social media. © 2024 Redfame Publishing Inc.. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; citizens’ trust; content analysis; government social media; systematic literature review
Qiu Y.; Tong J.; Fu H.; Lyu S.; Rizky M.Y.R.; Wu J.; Wei G.; Xue M.	Refining ecoacoustic indices in aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems: A comprehensive review and bibliometric analysis	2024	Ecological Indicators	10.1016/j.ecolind.2024.112363	In recent years, ecological acoustic assessment based on Passive Acoustic Monitoring technology has gained widespread attention as a non-invasive method, providing scientific evidence for biodiversity monitoring and wildlife conservation. Although this approach, as a newly established ecological research method, faces numerous challenges to prove its effectiveness, it has gradually established a comprehensive analytical process supported by numerous studies. This study analyzes the application of ecoacoustic indices in assessing terrestrial and underwater environments and biodiversity detection, identifying commonly used indices. After summarizing the principles of these ecoacoustic indices, the study highlights the suitable indices for different application environments and the influencing factors to consider. Additionally, a bibliometric analysis was conducted on related articles and their keywords retrieved from the Web of Science database, visualizing the relationships. Based on this, the study predicts the development trends of ecoacoustic indices and envisions their broader application in other fields. This research provides a clear overview of the use of ecoacoustic indices and offers theoretical references for the development of the field. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Ecoacoustic assessment; Ecoacoustic indices; Passive acoustic monitoring
Bochi F.; Grácio M.C.C.	Characterization of the technological domain of relational citation analyses: A study of stem cell patents	2024	World Patent Information	10.1016/j.wpi.2024.102302	This research aims to analyze the contribution of univariate and relational citation analysis methods, applied to patents, for the identification and characterization of scientific-technological domains, in documents indexed in the Derwent Innovation Index database. The adopted method was patentometrics associated with bibliometrics, using joint analysis of the relational bibliometric citation methods: co-citation and bibliographic coupling. The corpus of the study is composed of 144 patent families. Through the bibliographic coupling, 5 theme clusters and researchers with well-defined thematic domains were observed. Employing co-citation, 23 clusters were identified, characterizing the epistemic domains related to technological currents in which stem cell inventors operate. Such results allowed us to prospect the scientific-technological scenario in this theme, which can illustrate some institutions’ innovation potentials and explain who the actors at the forefront of such research are. It is proposed that applying this methodology allies to topic modeling techniques. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Co-citation analysis; Coupling analysis; Domain analysis; Patentometrics; Patents; Relational citation analysis
Jiang H.; Zhou J.; Ding Y.; Zeng A.	Overcoming recognition delays in disruptive research: The impact of team size, familiarity, and reputation	2024	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2024.101549	The relationship between disruption and delayed recognition is a critical research topic, yet the connection between the degree of disruption and delayed acknowledgment remains unclear. This study investigates the extent of recognition delay for disruptive papers using the SciSciNet dataset. We conducted a quantitative analysis based on this extensive dataset to examine the relationship between the Disruption Index and the Sleeping Beauty Index, revealing that highly disruptive papers often face a latency period before gaining acknowledgment, with significant variations across disciplines and over time. Our analysis of team dynamics indicates that larger teams, the presence of high-impact authors, fixed teams, and hierarchically structured teams can significantly reduce this delay. These findings provide insights into optimizing team strategies and understanding the complexities of academic recognition. They offer valuable implications for researchers and policymakers aiming to foster and accelerate the acknowledgment of groundbreaking scientific contributions. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Delayed recognition; Disruption index; Disruptive; Sleeping beauty index
Sarvari H.; Edwards D.J.; Rillie I.; Posillico J.J.	Building a safer future: Analysis of studies on safety I and safety II in the construction industry	2024	Safety Science	10.1016/j.ssci.2024.106621	Purpose: The construction industry is one of the most dangerous, with daily dangers and hazards. The industry commonly employs Safety I, a reactive approach to reduce accidents and incidents by identifying and controlling hazards. Safety II focuses on using worker strengths and promoting ongoing improvement. Nevertheless, both Safety I and II have faced criticism for their excessive emphasis on regulatory compliance (Safety I) and executive constraints (Safety II), respectively. Hence, this paper presents a rich synthesis of Safety I and II literature in the construction industry between January 2000 and December 2023 prior to proposing strategies for integrating them to build a safer future by focusing on the strengths of implementing each technique. Methodology: In this scientometric research study, 35 related research papers were sought and selected after checking and validating the Web of Science journal database. Bibliometric analysis, through HistCite and VOSviewer software programmes, was then used to create maps from network data and illustrate an exploration of the prevailing literature discourse. Interpretivism was then used to develop application and combination strategies for the new theory of integrating Safety I and II in the construction industry. Findings: Results reveal that the historical progression of research undertaken has developed from first introducing and identifying the field of research (2011 to 2015) to then providing solutions (2015 to 2019) and finally to making constructive suggestions (post 2019) for a safer future. Notably, prominent topics in recent years have examined resilience and progress toward safety improvements by the combination of Safety I and II concepts. Originality: This research highlights the positive outcomes that can be achieved via Safety I and II integration in the construction industry. Furthermore, this paper offers efficient and pragmatic techniques for incorporating Safety I and II approaches in the construction industry, which are crucial for promoting a comprehensive integrated approach to safety administration. By combining existing safety practices with a focus on learning from successes, organisations can create a safer work environment, improve productivity and foster continuous improvement. © 2024 The Author(s)	Construction safety; HistCite; Literature review; Safety I; Safety II; VOSviewer
Chen D.; Yan F.; Fang X.; Zhou J.; Hu X.; Ma X.; Zheng X.; Yin R.; Sun F.; Bai Y.; Ma Z.; Kuzyakov Y.; Liu L.	Global research trends in Rhizodeposition-mediated soil carbon cycle: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Applied Soil Ecology	10.1016/j.apsoil.2024.105531	Rhizodeposition plays a crucial role in the soil carbon (C) cycle, yet a comprehensive understanding of global research trends and directions related to rhizodeposition remains elusive. To provide a global perspective, this study employs bibliometric analysis to systematically review research on the Soil C cycle-rhizodeposition (SCC-Rhizo) publication characteristics, topic trends, and knowledge domains over the past decades. The SCC-Rhizo documents (2598) from 1966 to 2023 in the Web of Science Core Collection and Scopus were analyzed using VOSviewer, CiteSpace software and ‘bibliometrix’ package of R. A significant rise in annual publications and international scientific collaboration has been observed over the past years, indicating substantial growth potential and a dynamic research landscape. The study topics varied and flourished over time. The research scope expands from small-scale lab simulations to encompass large-scale ecosystem studies in diverse environments (i.e. grasslands, forests and paddy fields). The composition of rhizodeposition has been scrutinized from general compounds to specific materials (such as organic acids), while interactions between rhizodeposition and soil are currently being explored at the molecular level, which is expected to be a focal point of future research. Beyond bacteria, investigations now encompass fungi, microbial activity, and microbial communities. Isotope labeling and metagenomics sequencing are increasingly prevalent technology in SCC-Rhizo research. The results provide a global, objective perspective for understanding SCC-Rhizo research over the past decades. This research underscores the necessity for future studies to accurately quantify the rates and composition of rhizodeposition at the ecosystem level, explore the interactions with soil components, and develop predictive models. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Plant-soil-microbial interactions; Rhizodeposition; Soil carbon cycle
Ferreira M.M.; Marins-Gonçalves L.; De Souza D.	An integrative review of analytical techniques used in food authentication: A detailed description for milk and dairy products	2024	Food Chemistry	10.1016/j.foodchem.2024.140206	The use of suitable analytical techniques for the detection of adulteration, falsification, deliberate substitution, and mislabeling of foods has great importance in the industrial, scientific, legislative, and public health contexts. This way, this work reports an integrative review with a current analytical approach for food authentication, indicating the main analytical techniques to identify adulteration and perform the traceability of chemical components in processed and non-processed foods, evaluating the authenticity and geographic origin. This work presents results from a systematic search in Science Direct® and Scopus® databases using the keywords “authentication” AND “food”, “authentication,” AND “beverage”, from published papers from 2013 to, 2024. All research and reviews published were employed in the bibliometric analysis, evaluating the advantages and disadvantages of analytical techniques, indicating the perspectives for direct, quick, and simple analysis, guaranteeing the application of quality standards, and ensuring food safety for consumers. Furthermore, this work reports the analysis of natural foods to evaluate the origin (traceability), and industrialized foods to detect adulterations and fraud. A focus on research to detect adulteration in milk and dairy products is presented due to the importance of these products in the nutrition of the world population. All analytical tools discussed have advantages and drawbacks, including sample preparation steps, the need for reference materials, and mathematical treatments. So, the main advances in modern analytical techniques for the identification and quantification of food adulterations, mainly milk and dairy products, were discussed, indicating trends and perspectives on food authentication. © 2024	Analytical detection; Authentication analysis; Food adulteration, Food traceability, Food geographic origin; Traceability of milk and dairy products
Fu M.; Fraser B.; Arcodia C.	Digital natives on the rise: A systematic literature review on generation Z's engagement with RAISA technologies in hospitality services	2024	International Journal of Hospitality Management	10.1016/j.ijhm.2024.103885	Technological disruptions, health crises, persistent labour issues, and demographic shifts have elevated the importance of RAISA (robots, artificial intelligence, and service automation), and Generation Z for hospitality organisations. This study reviews 81 peer-reviewed articles using bibliometrics, quantitative frequency, and qualitative thematic analysis to examine Generation Z's engagement with RAISA in hospitality services. The findings highlight the increasing prevalence of service robots in hospitality sectors, with other AI and smart technologies remaining underexplored. While prior studies focused on Generation Z consumers' RAISA usage intentions, they overlooked the perspectives of Generation Z employees and hospitality operators. Furthermore, prior studies were mostly quantitative and geographically constrained, and focused on examining existing technology acceptance models, thereby lacking cross-cultural, in-depth, and mixed-methods exploration. Accordingly, this review paper proposes future research directions, and a novel service encounter paradigm. The paper also suggests hospitality operators proactively adopt RAISA technologies and prioritise Generation Z to aid sustainable operations. © 2024 The Authors	Generation Z; Hospitality services; Human-computer interaction model; RAISA; Service Encounter Triad
Aiolfi S.; Luceri B.	See you on the Metaverse: A bibliometric expedition through the Metaverse landscape	2024	Technological Forecasting and Social Change	10.1016/j.techfore.2024.123605	The Metaverse is a rapidly developing technology that has attracted interest from various companies. Experts predict exponential growth in profits from the Metaverse market in the coming years. However, early stages of innovation often bring uncertain and speculative impressions, making its direction, timing, and future unclear. The viability of the Metaverse as either an innovation that fails or as the next technological revolution is questionable in its own right. Academically, the Metaverse has generated interest across various disciplines, including psychology, marketing, and legal studies. The aim of this study is to systematically consolidate the growing literature to understand the intricate dynamics of consumer behavior and marketing practices in this evolving sphere. To achieve this, a comprehensive bibliometric analysis was carried considering 284 contributions from the Web of Science on the Metaverse in business, management, marketing, and communication using quantitative analysis tools such as VOSviewer and SciMAT. The study provides insight into pioneering contributions, prominent authors, central themes, and emerging research challenges related to the Metaverse. The results contribute towards better understanding of the Metaverse, enabling well-informed decisions for efficient marketing strategies and future advancements in this ever-evolving realm for both practitioners and researchers. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Metaverse; Retail; SciMAT; Virtual reality; Virtual worlds; VoSviewer
Cornejo J.; Sierra-Garcia J.E.; Gomez-Gil F.J.; Weitzenfeld A.; Acevedo F.E.; Escalante I.; Recuero E.; Wehrtmann I.S.	Bio-inspired design of hard-bodied mobile robots based on arthropod morphologies: a 10 year systematic review and bibliometric analysis	2024	Bioinspiration and Biomimetics	10.1088/1748-3190/ad5778	This research presents a 10-year systematic review based on bibliometric analysis of the bio-inspired design of hard-bodied mobile robot mechatronic systems considering the anatomy of arthropods. These are the most diverse group of animals whose flexible biomechanics and adaptable morphology, thus, it can inspire robot development. Papers were reviewed from two international databases (Scopus and Web of Science) and one platform (Aerospace Research Central), then they were classified according to: Year of publication (January 2013 to April 2023), arthropod group, published journal, conference proceedings, editorial publisher, research teams, robot classification according to the name of arthropod, limb’s locomotion support, number of legs/arms, number of legs/body segments, limb’s degrees of freedom, mechanical actuation type, modular system, and environment adaptation. During the screening, more than 33 000 works were analyzed. Finally, a total of 174 studies (90 journal-type, 84 conference-type) were selected for in-depth study: Insecta—hexapods (53.8%), Arachnida—octopods (20.7%), Crustacea—decapods (16.1%), and Myriapoda—centipedes and millipedes (9.2%). The study reveals that the most active editorials are the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc., Springer, MDPI, and Elsevier, while the most influential researchers are located in the USA, China, Singapore, and Japan. Most works pertained to spiders, crabs, caterpillars, cockroaches, and centipedes. We conclude that ‘arthrobotics’ research, which merges arthropods and robotics, is constantly growing and includes a high number of relevant studies with findings that can inspire new methods to design biomechatronic systems. © 2024 IOP Publishing Ltd.	arthrobotics; arthropods; bio-inspired design; living machines; robotics and mechatronics
Liang H.; Liu J.; Wang M.; Luo G.; Zhang Y.	Mapping trends in hemifacial spasm research: bibliometric and visualization-based analyses of the Web of Science Core Collection	2024	Neurosurgical Review	10.1007/s10143-024-02294-3	Hemifacial spasm (HFS) is a common cranial nerve disease. In HFS research, we conducted a bibliometric analysis to examine the development and research trends. A retrieval of HFS studies published between 2011 and 2022 was performed from the Web of Science Core Collection in September 2022. Two scientometric tools were used to perform bibliometric and visualization-based analyses: VOSviewer and CiteSpace. Bibliometric analysis of 1461 studies published between 2011 and 2022 was carried out using data from 444 journals, 6021 authors, 1732 institutions, and 76 countries/regions. China, the USA, Japan, and South Korea were four key contributors to this study. Shanghai Jiaotong University was the major institution with the larger number of publications. Li Shiting was the most prolific author. Jannetta PJ was the most co-cited author. World Neurosurgery was the top prolific journal. Journal of Neurosurgery was the top co-cited journal. The top five keywords were hemifacial spasm, microvascular decompression, trigeminal neuralgia, surgery, and neurovascular compression. This study examines the research trends in global scientific research on HFS over the last decade. Researchers interested in learning more about current trends and novel research frontiers in this area can benefit from the study. © 2024, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Hemifacial spasm; VOSviewer; Web of Science Core Collection
Gui Z.; Zhang Q.; Sha S.; Li X.-H.; Su Z.; Cheung T.; Cui X.-L.; Ungvari G.S.; Wong K.K.; Ng C.H.; Yuan F.; Xiang Y.-T.	Bipolar disorder and oxidative stress: A bibliometric perspective	2024	Asia-Pacific Psychiatry	10.1111/appy.12564	Objective: Accumulating evidence indicates that oxidative stress and the disruption of antioxidant defenses play an important role in the neurobiology of bipolar disorder (BD). Studies have found that increased oxidative stress may be associated with cell apoptosis and neuronal damage in BD patients. Hence, this study explored the research field related to BD and oxidative stress from a bibliometrics perspective. Methods: Literature search and relevant data retrieval based on the Web of Sciences Core Collection (WoSCC). R software (version 4.2.2), VOSviewer software (version 1.6.18), and CiteSpace (version 6.1.6) were used in this bibliometric analysis. Results: A total of 2081 publications related to BD and oxidative stress were published between 1986 and 2024. Bipolar Disorders was the journal that had the most publications in this area (72; 3.46%; IF = 5.9), while the United States (1285; 61.7%) and the University of Toronto (377; 18.1%) were the most productive country and institution, respectively. Apart from “oxidative stress” and “bipolar disorder,” the most frequently used keywords were “schizophrenia,” “prefrontal cortex,” and “nitric oxide.”. Conclusions: The growing number of publications related to BD and oxidative stress in recent years highlights the importance of this research field. Hot topics in research related to BD and oxidative stress included animal experiments and molecular mechanisms, psychiatric-related inflammation and biomarkers, neurodegenerative diseases, and metabolism. Furthermore, the biological mechanisms of BD, particularly biomarkers and inflammation, may be the emerging research priority area in the future. © 2024 The Author(s). Asia-Pacific Psychiatry published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.	bibliometric analysis; bipolar disorder; nitric oxide; oxidative stress; VOSviewer
Ding X.; Liu J.; Chen X.; Zhang X.-H.	Exploring the mechanism of luteolin improving immune and inflammatory responses in systemic sclerosis based on systems biology and cell experiments	2024	International Immunopharmacology	10.1016/j.intimp.2024.112587	There is a growing trend of applying traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) to treat immune diseases. This study reveals the possible mechanism of luteolin, an active ingredient in the core prescription of TCM, in alleviating systemic sclerosis (SSc) inflammation. Bibliometrics was performed to retrieve the core keywords of SSc inflammation. The key inflammatory indicators in the serum samples of 50 SSc patients were detected by ELISA. Data mining was applied for correlation analysis, association rule analysis, and binary logistic regression analysis on the clinical indicators and medication of 50 SSc patients before and after treatment to determine the core prescription. Network pharmacology was used for identifying candidate genes and pathways; molecular docking was conducted to determine the core monomer components of the prescription, providing a basis for subsequent in vitro molecular mechanism research. The effect of luteolin on SSc-human dermal fibroblasts (HDF) viability and inflammatory factors was evaluated by means of ELISA, RT-PCR, and Western blot. The role of TNF in inflammation was explored by using a TNF overexpression vector, NF-κB inhibitor (PKM2), and SSc-HDF. The involvement of TNF/NF-κB pathway was validated by RT-PCR, Western blot, and immunofluorescence. TCM treatment partially corrected the inflammatory changes in SSc patients, indicating its anti-inflammatory effects in the body. Atractylodes, Yam, Astragalus root, Poria cocos, Pinellia ternata, Salvia miltiorrhiza, Safflower, Cassia twig, and Angelica were identified as the core prescriptions for improving inflammatory indicators. Luteolin was the main active ingredient in the prescription and showed a strong binding energy with TNF and NF-κB. Luteolin exerted anti-inflammatory effects in vitro by reducing inflammatory cytokines in SSc-HDF and inhibiting the activation of TNF/NF-κB. Mechanistically, luteolin inhibited the activation of the TNF/NF-κB pathway in SSc-HDF, as manifested by an increase in extranuclear p-P65 and TNF but a decrease in intranuclear p-P65. Interestingly, the addition of PKM2 augmented the therapeutic function of luteolin against inflammation in SSc-HDF. Our study showed the TCM alleviates the inflammatory response of SSc by inhibiting the activation of the TNF/NF-κB pathway and is an effective therapeutic agent for the treatment of SSc. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Human epidermal fibroblasts; Immune inflammation; Luteolin; Systemic sclerosis; TNF/NF-κB; Traditional Chinese medicine
Wang Y.; Wang Z.; Cui H.; Zhang L.	The migrasome as a developmental learning paradigm in cell biology	2024	Cell Biology International	10.1002/cbin.12220	Migrasome is a newly discovered organelle composed of small vesicular structures enclosed in membrane structures. Since its discovery in 2014, migrasome has attracted increasing attention in cell biology due to its critical role in multiple disease processes. Its pivotal role in various disease processes, including cell migration, intercellular communication, removal of damaged mitochondria, embryogenesis localization, immune cell chemotaxis, and virus transmission, underscores its significance in biological systems. With research on migrasome steadily increasing, it becomes a unique resource for undergraduate cell biology education. For deeper understanding of migrasome, we applied a bibliometric approach. Here we conducted a comprehensive analysis of migrasome research by retrieving relevant literature from databases such as Web of Science, Scopus, and PubMed using the keywords “migrasome” or “migrasomes.” Employing CiteSpace software and Prism, we analyzed annual publication trends, identified core authors and institutions, assessed national contributions, examined keywords, and scrutinized highly cited literature related to migrasome research. This study presents a comprehensive overview of migrasome research, elucidating its literature characteristics, key contributors, research hotspots, and emerging trends. By shedding light on the current status and future trajectories of migrasome research, we aim to provide valuable insights for teachers in cell biology education. We propose for the integration of migrasome research into undergraduate curricula to enhance the understanding of cell biology among premedical, medical, and biomedical students, thereby fostering a deeper appreciation for the intricate mechanisms governing cellular behavior and disease processes. © 2024 International Federation of Cell Biology.	bibliometric; citation; CiteSpace; hotspots; migrasome
Bornmann L.; Haunschild R.	The Prize Winner Index (PWI): A proposal for an indicator based on scientific prizes	2024	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2024.101560	In this study, we propose a new index for measuring performance in science which is based on collaborations (co-authorship distances) in science: the Prize Winner Index (PWI). The PWI is based on the Erdős number – a number that was introduced several years ago. We propose to focus with the new index on laureates of prestigious prizes in a certain field and to measure co-authorship distances between the laureates and other scientists. To exemplify and explain our proposal, we computed the proposed index in the field of quantitative science studies (PWIPM). The Derek de Solla Price Memorial Award (Price Medal, PM) is awarded to outstanding scientists in the field. We tested the convergent validity of the PWIPM. We were interested whether the indicator is related to two established bibliometric indicators: (1) citation impact (number of papers belonging to the 10 % most frequently cited), and (2) journal prestige (number of papers which have appeared in top quartile journals). The results show that the coefficients for the correlation between PWIPM and both indicators are high in cases when a sufficient number of papers have been considered for a reliable assessment of performance. Therefore, measured by established indicators for research performance, the new PWI indicator seems to be convergently valid and, therefore, might be a possible alternative for established (bibliometric) indicators – with a focus on prizes. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Erdős number; Prize winner index
Kapsetaki M.E.	Are name characteristics of UK neurosurgeons associated with their career success?	2024	Neurochirurgie	10.1016/j.neuchi.2024.101575	[No abstract available]	N/A
Lok W.Y.; Zolkafli U.K.; Abdul-Samad Z.; Ahmi A.; Mohd-Danuri M.S.	Arbitration in Construction Project Disputes over the Last Decade: Bibliometric and Content Analysis	2024	Journal of Legal Affairs and Dispute Resolution in Engineering and Construction	10.1061/JLADAH.LADR-1136	Arbitration has a long history of resolving disputes, particularly in the construction industry. The benefits of arbitration performance and effectiveness were well promoted, along with its adverse issues. This article aims to examine the evolution trends of arbitration over the last decade based on published articles in the Web of Science and Scopus database library using bibliometric and content analysis. To the best awareness, this investigation was instigated by the lack of a comprehensive literature analysis of the published articles. From the 89 shortlisted articles finalized following the PRISMA 2020 protocol, the findings through Biblioshiny and VOSviewer helped answer the article's objectives on the investigation after harmonizing it with the OpenRefine software. Findings indicated the need for an effective framework to address all the issues of past concern within a single body of knowledge to enhance the performance of arbitration. The findings of this article aim to inform stakeholders in the construction industry about the progression of arbitration performance. Meanwhile, construction industry stakeholders and scholars can investigate ways to enhance arbitration methods with the results to delve into the emphasized themes and at the same time, this analysis method may encourage other researchers to pursue their areas of interest similarly. © 2024 American Society of Civil Engineers.	N/A
Bashir Z.; Raj D.; Selvasembian R.	A combined bibliometric and sustainable approach of phytostabilization towards eco-restoration of coal mine overburden dumps	2024	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2024.142774	Extraction of coal through opencast mining leads to the buildup of heaps of overburden (OB) material, which poses a significant risk to production safety and environmental stability. A systematic bibliometric analysis to identify research trends and gaps, and evaluate the impact of studies and authors in the field related to coal OB phytostabilization was conducted. Key issues associated with coal extraction include land degradation, surface and groundwater contamination, slope instability, erosion and biodiversity loss. Handling coal OB material intensifies such issues, initiating additional environmental and physical challenges. The conventional approach such as topsoiling for OB restoration fails to restore essential soil properties crucial for sustainable vegetation cover. Phytostabilization approach involves establishing a self-sustaining plant cover over OB dump surfaces emerges as a viable strategy for OB restoration. This method enhanced by the supplement of organic amendments boosts the restoration of OB dumps by improving rhizosphere properties conducive to plant growth and contaminant uptake. Criteria essential for plant selection in phytostabilization are critically evaluated. Native plant species adapted to local climatic and ecological conditions are identified as key agents in stabilizing contaminants, reducing soil erosion, and enhancing ecosystem functions. Applicable case studies of successful phytostabilization of coal mines using native plants, offering practical recommendations for species selection in coal mine reclamation projects are provided. This review contributes to sustainable approaches for mitigating the environmental consequences of coal mining and facilitates the ecological recovery of degraded landscapes. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Coal mine spoils; Native plants; Overburden dumps; Phytostabilization; Restoration
Zamani V.; Yavari E.; Taghaddos H.	A science mapping lens on discrete event simulation applications in construction engineering and management	2024	Automation in Construction	10.1016/j.autcon.2024.105625	Over the past two decades, Discrete Event Simulation (DES) has significantly influenced Construction Engineering and Management (CEM), leading to the development of sophisticated analytical frameworks. This study analyzes the application and impact of DES in CEM through scientometric, bibliometric, and qualitative analyses of 198 journal articles from the Web of Science database, spanning 2000 to 2023. Employing advanced graph-based and clustering techniques, we uncover patterns of scientific collaboration, co-citation networks, key contributing institutions, influential journals, and the evolution of research themes. Our findings spotlight major research avenues, including lean construction, building information modeling, project planning and control, hybrid simulation, and decision support systems. Anticipating future trends, we predict the integration of DES with emerging technologies such as digital twins, data analytics, cloud computing, and context-aware decision support systems. This study maps the current landscape and forecasts the trajectory of DES's role in advancing CEM towards more integrated, technologically enriched methodologies. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Clustering analysis; Construction management; Construction simulation; Discrete event simulation; Hybrid simulation; Literature review; Scientometric analysis
Ranganathan S.; Benjamin D.J.; Haslam A.; Prasad V.	Social media engagement of supportive care publications in oncology	2024	Journal of Cancer Policy	10.1016/j.jcpo.2024.100491	Importance: There is an increasing number of cancer ‘survivors’ and increasing research into supportive care. However, it is unknown how patterns of attention and citation differ between supportive and non-supportive cancer care research. We sought to estimate the engagement of high-impact studies of supportive compared to non-supportive cancer care papers. Methods: In a cross-sectional review of top oncology journals (2016–2023), we reviewed studies examining supportive care strategies and a frequency-matched random sampling of studies on non-supportive interventions. We compared data on social engagement metrics, as represented by Altmetric scores and citations and funding status, by supportive care or non-supportive care articles. Results: We found overall Altmetric scores were no different between articles that did not test supportive care and those that did, with a numerically higher score for supportive care articles (86.0 vs 102; p=0.416). Other bibliometric statistics (such as the number of blogs, number of X users, and the number of X posts) obtained from Altmetric did not differ significantly between the two groups. Non-supportive cancer care papers had a significantly higher number of citations than supportive cancer care papers (45.6 in supportive care vs 141 in non-supportive care papers; p<0.001). A greater proportion of non-supportive cancer care papers were also supported by pharmaceutical companies compared to supportive cancer care papers (54.2 % vs 15.3 %; p<0.001). Conclusion: Though social media engagement is similar between supportive and non-supportive cancer care papers in high-impact journals, there is a significant difference in support from pharmaceutical companies and the number of citations. © 2024	Social media; Supportive care
Huang W.; Liu S.; Zhang T.; Wu H.; Pu S.	Bibliometric analysis and systematic review of electrochemical methods for environmental remediation	2024	Journal of Environmental Sciences (China)	10.1016/j.jes.2023.08.003	Electrochemical methods are increasingly favored for remediating polluted environments due to their environmental compatibility and reagent-saving features. However, a comprehensive understanding of recent progress, mechanisms, and trends in these methods is currently lacking. Web of Science (WoS) databases were utilized for searching the primary data to understand the knowledge structure and research trends of publications on electrochemical methods and to unveil certain hotspots and future trends of electrochemical methods research. The original data were sampled from 9080 publications in those databases with the search deadline of June 1st, 2022. CiteSpace and VOSviewer software facilitated data visualization and analysis of document quantities, source journals, institutions, authors, and keywords. We discussed principles, influencing factors, and progress related to seven major electrochemical methods. Notably, publications on this subject have experienced significant growth since 2007. The most frequently-investigated areas in electrochemical methods included novel materials development, heavy metal remediation, organic pollutant degradation, and removal mechanism identification. “Advanced oxidation process” and “Nanocomposite” are currently trending topics. The major remediation mechanisms are adsorption, oxidation, and reduction. The efficiency of electrochemical systems is influenced by material properties, system configuration, electron transfer efficiency, and power density. Electro-Fenton exhibits significant advantages in achieving synergistic effects of anodic oxidation and electro-adsorption among the seven techniques. Future research should prioritize the improvement of electron transfer efficiency, the optimization of electrode materials, the exploration of emerging technology coupling, and the reduction in system operation and maintenance costs. © 2023	Bibliometric analysis; Electrochemical remediation; Electrode materials; Heavy metals; Organic pollutants
Zhang X.; Zhao B.; Zhang Y.; Zhang J.; Li Y.; Zhong J.; Diao J.; Ma F.; Liu H.; Duan K.	Sources, interactions, influencing factors and ecological risks of microplastics and antibiotic resistance genes in soil: A review	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.175226	Microplastics (MPs) and antibiotic resistance genes (ARGs) are gaining increasing attention as they pose a threat to the ecological environment and human health as emerging contaminants. MPs has been proved to be a hot spot in ARGs, and although it has been extensively studied in water environment, the results of bibliometrics statistical analysis in this paper showed that relevant studies in soil ecological environment are currently in the initial stage. In view of this, the paper provides a systematic review of the sources, interactions, influencing factors, and ecological risks associated with MPs and ARGs in soil environments. Additionally, the mechanism and influencing factors of plastisphere formation and resistance are elaborated in detail. The MPs properties, soil physicochemical properties, soil environmental factors and agricultural activities are the primarily factors affecting the interaction between MPs and ARGs in soil. Challenges and development directions of related research in the future are also prospected. It is hoped that the review could assist in a deeper comprehension and exploration of the interaction mechanism between MPs and ARGs in soil as well as the function of MPs in the transmission process of ARGs among diverse environmental media and organisms, and provide theory basis and reference for the MPs and ARGs pollution control and remediation in soil. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Antibiotic resistance genes; Ecological risk; Interactions; Microplastics; Soil plastisphere
Yan J.; Zhou J.; Zhao J.; Zhang Q.; Zhou M.; Wang Y.	Visual analysis of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation research	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.500	BACKGROUND: In recent years, High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) has garnered significant attention due to its potential noninvasive modulation of brain function. However, there is still a lack of visual analysis in the literature regarding this technique. OBJECTIVE: To perform a visual analysis of HD-tDCS-related research so as to explore the current status and trends in this field. METHODS: English literature related to HD-tDCS was retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database covering the period from January 1, 2010 to May 6, 2023. The VOSviewer software was used to visualize and analyze the source journals, countries/regions, authors, institutions, cited references, and keywords of the included literature, creating a knowledge map to uncover the research landscape and hotspots. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: A total of 336 articles were included, showing a consistent increase in the annual publication count of HD-tDCS research. Among these, the United States contributed the highest number of publications (141 articles) with 4 221 citations, followed by China with 70 articles and 401 citations. Brain Stimulation was the most prolific journal (28 articles), Marom Bikson was the most productive author (37 articles), and The City College of New York was the most active institution (35 articles). The most frequently mentioned keywords in the field included motor cortex, regulation, working memory, excitability, and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Notable recent keywords in the last 5 years include attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, brain networks, and stimulation intensity. Currently, the volume of HD-tDCS research is relatively limited, but is on an upward trajectory, indicating substantial research potential. It is expected that future studies in this domain will continue to focus on the application of HD-tDCS in cognitive and neuropsychiatric disorders, while also exploring its therapeutic mechanisms targeting the motor cortex and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex based on brain network analysis. © 2024, Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; current trends; high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation; research status; visual analysis
Zhang Y.-L.; Kang J.-N.; Liu L.-C.; Wei Y.-M.	Unveiling the evolution and future prospects: A comprehensive review of low-carbon transition in the coal power industry	2024	Applied Energy	10.1016/j.apenergy.2024.123649	Transitioning to low-carbon coal power plants is critical in addressing climate change, given the significant contribution of coal-fired power generation to global CO2 emissions. Our understanding of the low-carbon transition in the coal power sector has significantly advanced in recent decades. However, the sector's transition remains contentious due to methodological disparities, inconsistent datasets, and varying assumptions across existing studies, which pose challenges for predicting future research trajectories and actions. To address this issue, we developed a Document-based Information Mining and Statistical Analysis Method, conducting a comprehensive review, bibliometric analysis, and comparative study of 1905 journal articles and 14 databases sourced from international authorities. Our quantitative analysis reveals a notable upswing in publications and international collaborative efforts in coal power transition research, with average growth rates of 8.6%, 9.3%, and 3.7% for authors, countries, and institutions, respectively. These studies depict diverse transition trajectories, projecting global and Chinese coal power capacities ranging from 58-927 GW and 0-395 GW in 2050, driven by six key uncertainties such as carbon budgets and energy demand variations, and advancements in CCUS and renewable technologies. We categorized 44 major coal-dependent countries into three groups based on their engagement with coal power transition research, identified three potential transition patterns aligned with temperature control goals, and outlined four distinct research stages in the evolution of coal power transition. Drawing from these insights, we conclude with valuable perspectives on the expansion of international collaboration, reduction of transition uncertainty, focus for future research, and mitigation of transition risks. © 2023	Bibliometrics; Coal power; Evolutionary patterns; Low carbon transition; System review
Huang R.; Xu C.; Grießinger J.; Feng X.; Zhu H.; Bräuning A.	Rising utilization of stable isotopes in tree rings for climate change and forest ecology	2024	Journal of Forestry Research	10.1007/s11676-023-01668-5	Analyses of stable isotopes (C, O, H) in tree rings are increasingly important cross-disciplinary programs. The rapid development in this field documented in an increasing number of publications requires a comprehensive review. This study includes a bibliometric analysis-based review to better understand research trends in tree ring stable isotope research. Overall, 1475 publications were selected from the Web of Science Core Collection for 1974–2023. The findings are that: (1) numbers of annual publications and citations increased since 1974. From 1974 to 1980, there were around two relevant publications per year. However, from 2020 to 2022, this rose sharply to 109 publications per year. Likewise, average article citations were less than four per year before 1990, but were around four per article per year after 2000; (2) the major subjects using tree ring stable isotopes include forestry, geosciences, and environmental sciences, contributing to 42.5% of the total during 1974–2023; (3) the top three most productive institutions are the Chinese Academy of Sciences (423), the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (227), and the University of Arizona (204). These achievements result from strong collaborations; (4) review papers, for example, (Dawson et al., Annu Rev Ecol Syst 33:507–559, 2002) and (McCarroll and Loader, Quat Sci Rev 23:771–801, 2004), are among the most cited, with more than 1000 citations; (5) tree ring stable isotope studies mainly focus on climatology and ecology, with atmospheric CO2 one of the most popular topics. Since 2010, precipitation and drought have received increasing attention. Based on this analysis, the research stages, key findings, debated issues, limitations and directions for future research are summarized. This study serves as an important attempt to understand the progress on the use of stable isotopes in tree rings, providing scientific guidance for young researchers in this field. © 2023, The Author(s).	Bibliometric; Stable isotopes; Tree rings; Web of Science
Sharshir S.W.; Joseph A.; Elsayad M.M.; Kandeal A.W.; Abdullah A.S.; Wang C.; Jang S.-H.; An M.; Ghazaly N.M.; Yuan Z.	Energy harvesting via thermoelectric generators for green hydrogen production: Methods and techniques	2024	Process Safety and Environmental Protection	10.1016/j.psep.2024.07.057	The integration of thermoelectric generators (TEGs) into industrial processes and multi-generation systems presents a promising solution for recovering low-grade waste heat. This study explores the use of such waste heat in producing green hydrogen, utilizing TEGs as an alternative medium for energy recovery. The hydrogen production methods examined include proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolyzers and alkaline electrolyzers. The heat sources are categorized into geothermal sources, solar energy sources, and general waste heat sources. By incorporating TEGs into hybrid systems, the overall system efficiency and rated power output, as well as green hydrogen production, are significantly enhanced. For instance, a system combining an organic Rankine cycle powered by a geothermal source with a TEG and a PEM electrolyzer can generate 98.37 kg/day of H2 and produce 6781 kW of power, achieving an exergy efficiency of 55.39 %. Additionally, TEGs are employed in hydrogen storage and liquefaction to improve the efficiency of the compression and liquefaction processes by reutilizing waste heat. To provide a comprehensive overview, a bibliometric study using the VOSviewer tool is conducted to highlight the trends in hydrogen production via TEGs, analyzing authors' keywords and index keywords. Moreover, this study presents innovative methods and insights into the efficient recovery and utilization of waste heat for green hydrogen production, emphasizing the potential of TEGs in advancing sustainable energy solutions. © 2024 The Institution of Chemical Engineers	Bibliometric analysis; Green hydrogen; Heat recovery; Hydrogen storage; Thermoelectric generator
Kapsetaki M.E.	Single-author publications among neurosurgeons in the United Kingdom	2024	Journal of Clinical Neuroscience	10.1016/j.jocn.2024.110770	Background: This study aimed to examine factors that may affect UK neurosurgeons’ ability to publish single-author papers. These include demographic factors (e.g. gender, skin colour), biographical factors (e.g. whether they obtained a PhD or the ranking of the university from which they graduated or with which they are currently affiliated), and name characteristics. Methods: Names of all neurosurgeons working in the UK in May 2023 were obtained from the Specialist Info website. Scopus was used to obtain bibliometrics. Publicly available online sources were used to obtain biographical and demographic information. Results: Approximately 1 out of 3 neurosurgeons had published at least one single-author paper. Of the 398 single-author papers published by the whole group of 384 neurosurgeons, 69 were open access, 44 were reviews, 64 were editorials, 71 were articles, and 219 were classified as ‘other’. Their first single-author paper was published on average 15.2 years after medical school graduation and on average 9 years after their first publication (any author position). In 13 neurosurgeons their first-single author paper was a review, in 14 it was an editorial, in 24 an article, and in 57 it was classified as ‘other’. The impact factor of the journal in which they published their first single-author paper was on average 11.1 (Median = 2.4). Single-author papers do not differ in number depending on gender or skin colour. However, there were more single-author publications among full professors, neurosurgeons who graduated from a top university for their medical degree, those who had a PhD, and those who are currently affiliated with a university. More senior neurosurgeons had more single-author publications. Neurosurgeons with more popular forenames, whose full name's perceived ethnicity was UK/Irish or had longer consonant sequences in their surname had more single-author papers. Conclusion: This is the first study to thoroughly examine single-author publications in a group of medical professionals and examine whether they are associated with certain socio-demographic and name characteristics. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Academia; Bibliometrics; Career; Names; Publication; Single-author
Flores-Cohaila J.A.; Ñaña-Cordova A.M.; Rios-Garcia W.; Benavente-Chalco X.C.; Torres-Zegarra B.C.; Bustamante-Ordoñez M.A.	Low-cost simulation in health professions education: A bibliometric analysis and literature review of 20 years of research; [Simulación de bajo costo en educación en profesiones de la salud: análisis bibliométrico y revisión bibliográfica de 20 años de investigación]	2024	Educacion Medica	10.1016/j.edumed.2024.100945	Introduction: Gaining practical experience in health professions education is a significant challenge. Simulation-based training has emerged as a key solution to this issue, but the high costs associated with advanced equipment and software limit accessibility for many institutions. Hence, to close this gap, this study aims to map the research field of low-cost simulation in health professions education through a bibliometric analysis. Methods: Utilizing a bibliometric study design, we analyzed publications from 2003 to 2022 in the Scopus Database, in accordance to Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses 2020 guidelines. Publications discussing low-cost simulation in English were included. Data points such as research design, study location, and outcomes were extracted. The Scival Platform and VosViewer were used to analyze publication trends, prolific institutions, authors, journals, and conceptual and intellectual structure. Results: The study found an increase in low-cost simulation research from 2003 to 2022, with significant growth after 2015. Observational studies predominated (68.57%), with general surgery being the most studied specialty. Less than half of the studies reported cost details, and only 2 compared the low-cost model with a standard. The United States led in scientific production, with notable collaboration networks. The keyword co-occurrence and co-citation analyses highlighted 4 main clusters in low-cost simulation research, emphasizing surgical training. Conclusions: This investigation highlights the expanding interest in low-cost simulation to enhance access to hands-on training in health professions education, especially under financial constraints. However, the research field requires further development, particularly in validating these models against their more expensive counterparts. Such validation is crucial for ensuring the effectiveness and comparability of low-cost simulation. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Health professions education; Low-cost simulation; Medical education; Simulation training
Zhang K.; Morales D.; Chen J.; Zhao W.; Tang A.; Kohn E.; Ding D.; Varela A.R.; Pratt M.; Hallal P.C.	The Evolution of Physical Activity and Health Research in China: A Bibliometric Analysis of Study Areas and Sex Balance in Authorship	2024	Journal of Physical Activity and Health	10.1123/jpah.2023-0756	Background: This article evaluates the evolution of physical activity and health research in China through a bibliometric analysis focused on number of publications, study areas, and sex balance in authorship. Methods: A systematic review was conducted by the Global Observatory for Physical Activity for “physical activity and health” publications between 1950 and 2019. Here, we focus on the 610 Chinese publications identified, defined as those in which data collection took place in China. We assessed the number of publications, classified them into 5 areas (1) surveillance, (2) correlates and determinants, (3) health consequences, (4) interventions, and (5) policy, and analyzed female participation in authorship. Results: The first Chinese publication identified in the review was in 1990. Since, the average number of physical activity and health publications increased from one per year in the 1990s to 7.6 per year in the 2000s, and to 47 per year in the 2010s. Most publications focused on the correlates and determinants (38.7%) and the health consequences of physical activity (35.9%). Physical activity policy accounted for 2.3% of the publications. In the 1990s, 64% of the publications included at least one female author; this proportion increased to 90% in the 2010s. Conclusion: Despite a slow start, China’s research on physical activity and health has grown rapidly since 2000. The distribution of publications by study areas and female participation in authorship is similar to that observed globally, with fewer publications focused on interventions and policy as compared with other topics. © 2024 Human Kinetics, Inc.	exercise; public health; review
Yang Z.; Lv M.; Yu Z.; Sang L.; Yang M.; Tang R.; Wang Z.; Sang L.	A bibliometric analysis of contrast-enhanced ultrasound over the past twenty years	2024	Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery	10.21037/qims-24-480	Background: Contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) technology has been developed for decades, and its application is becoming increasingly more extensive. In this study, bibliometrics was used to characterize the development status of CEUS over the past 20 years and to identify future research hotspots. Methods: We collected data from the Web of Science and analyzed the literature related to CEUS published from 2002 to 2022. We examined 6,382 publications and analyzed the publication year, country of origin, affiliated institutions, authors, journal, categories, keywords, and research frontiers within the relevant literature. Using bibliometric analysis, we aimed to determine the general research direction and current publication trends. This allowed us to identify the most prolific and outstanding authors, institutions, countries, and keywords in CEUS research. For data collection, analysis, and visualization, we employed VOSviewer (Leiden University, Leiden, the Netherlands), Excel (Microsoft Corp., Redmond, WA, USA), CiteSpace, and biblioshiny. These tools helped us gather, analyze, and visualize the data effectively. Results: The analyzed publications indicated a consistent upward trend in the number of works published between 2002 and 2022. Notably, China and Sun Yat-sen University emerged as the most prolific countries and institutions, respectively. China published 391 articles with 5,817 citations and was the leader in terms of international cooperation. Moreover, pediatrics-related keywords have surged in frequency in recent years. Conclusions: The amount of research on CEUS has increased rapidly and continues to grow, with China being at the forefront of this research field. The application of CEUS in some pediatric diseases is a recent research hotspot and perhaps warrants close attention. © Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS); ultrasound; VOSviewer
Shamsi A.; Wang T.; Vasantha Raju N.; Ghamgosar A.; Mahdizadeh Davani G.; Mansourzadeh M.J.	Predatory journals in dermatology: a bibliometric review	2024	Online Information Review	10.1108/OIR-04-2023-0161	Purpose: By distorting the peer review process, predatory journals lure researchers and collect article processing charges (APCs) to earn income, thereby threatening clinical decisions. This study aims to identifying the characteristics of predatory publishing in the dermatology literature. Design/methodology/approach: The authors used Kscien's list to detect dermatology-related predatory journals. Bibliometric parameters were analyzed at the level of journals, publishers, documents and authors. Findings: Sixty-one potential predatory dermatology publishers published 4,164 articles in 57 journals from 2000 to 2020, with most publishers claiming to be located in the United States. Most journals were 1–5 years old. Six journals were indexed in PubMed, two in Scopus and 43 in Google Scholar (GS). The average APC was 1,049 USD. Skin, patient, cutaneous, psoriasis, dermatitis and acne were the most frequently used keywords in the article's title. A total of 1,146 articles in GS received 4,725 citations. More than half of the journals had <10 citations. Also, 318 articles in Web of Science were contaminated by the most cited articles and 4.49% of the articles had reported their funding source. The average number of authors per article was 3.7. India, the United States and Japan had the most articles from 119 involved countries. Asia, Europe and North America had the most contributed authors; 5.2% of articles were written through international collaboration. A majority of authors were from high- and low-middle-income countries. Women contributed 43.57% and 39.66% as the first and corresponding authors, respectively. Research limitations/implications: The study had limitations, including heavy reliance on Kscien's list, potential for human error in manual data extraction and nonseparation of types of articles. Journals that only published dermatology articles were reviewed, so those occasionally publishing dermatology articles were missed. Predatory journals covering multiple subjects (Petrisor, 2016) may have resulted in overlooking some dermatology papers. This study did not claim to have covered all articles in predatory dermatology journals (PDJs) but evaluated many of them. The authors accept the claim that Kscien's list may have made a mistake in including journals. Originality/value: The wide dispersion of authors involved in PDJs highlights the need to increase awareness among these authors. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; Dermatology; Predatory journals; Predatory publishing
Aziz F.; Li C.; Khan A.U.; Khan A.	Emerging trends and insights in sustainable innovation performance: A two decade literature review (2002–2022)	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142805	In recent decades, substantial progress and expansion in the literature on Green Innovation Performance (GIP) has been made. This phenomenon broadens its effectiveness in addressing ecological challenges and significantly contributes to developing sustainable products and processes. The primary aim of this article is to provide a comprehensive examination of GIP approaches and to do a systematic literature review (SLR) to assess relevant articles. A bibliometric study is conducted. The search was performed using various keywords in the Scopus database. The discovered records were digitized and improved, resulting in a total of 69 documents. A study has been undertaken using the Biblioshiny web app to examine famous authors, significant journals, contributing institutions, and the most often-used terms in titles and keywords. This study examines the phenomenon of Green Product Innovation (GPI), Green Process Innovation (GPcI), and Green Competitive Advantages (GCA) inside manufacturing firms. The analysis includes the period from 2002 to 2022. The articles were classified based on their specific study domains, including many organizations. This research specifically focuses on the relationship between GIP and GCA, using a limited number of research papers as the basis for analysis. An evaluation of innovation's impact within the same field of study might be interesting. Instead of concentrating on the Scopus database scenario of this research, scholars may also need to use various keywords to examine other databases. The study concluded that the journals with the highest frequency of GIP and GCA-related publications were Sustainability (Switzerland), the International Journal of Supply Chain Management, and the Journal of Cleaner Production. The density mapping of the co-authoring network of researchers was conducted using the VOS viewer software. This study provides recommendations and discourse on prospective methods for future research. Universities, organizations, and business entities might get significant advantages by using these essential assessments for research. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Biblioshiny web application; Green competitive advantages; Green innovation performance; Process innovation; Product; Scopus
Siriwong C.; Pongsakornrungsilp S.; Pongsakornrungsilp P.; Kumar V.	Mapping the Terrain of Open Innovation in Consumer Research: Insights and Directions from Bibliometrics	2024	Sustainability (Switzerland)	10.3390/su16156283	Mapping the Landscape of Open Innovation in Consumer Research: Insights and Directions from Bibliometrics examines how publications in the fields of consumer behavior research (Cons) and open innovation (OI) have developed over time. Terms that frequently appear together are explored to elucidate potential future research directions and thematic areas that influence academic writing. Bibliometric maps are created using VOSviewer v1.6.19, and 184 publications are analyzed using high-quality metadata and citation information from the Scopus database. The findings highlight patterns in publications, networks of citations, dynamics in collaboration, and future directions for Open Innovation and Consumer research. Co-word analysis is applied to extract data, and publication density analysis is used to identify popular terms. Eighty-two authors are represented in the dataset, and author collaborations are highlighted through co-citation analysis. The study concludes by outlining potential directions for future research based on component-based, keyword, and publication analyses. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; consumer; content analysis; marketing; open innovation; systematic review
Pečiulis T.; Ahmad N.; Menegaki A.N.; Bibi A.	Forecasting of cryptocurrencies: Mapping trends, influential sources, and research themes	2024	Journal of Forecasting	10.1002/for.3114	This systematic literature review examines cryptocurrency forecasting trends, influential sources, and research themes. Following PRISMA guidelines, 168 articles from Q1 or A-tier journals in the Scopus database were analyzed using bibliometric techniques. The findings reveal a significant increase in cryptocurrency forecasting research output since 2017, particularly in 2021. “Finance Research Letters” emerges as the most productive journal, whereas “Economics Letters” receives the highest number of citations. Elie Bouri is identified as the most prolific author, and China is the top contributor country. Key research themes include bitcoin, cryptocurrency, volatility, forecasting, machine learning, investments, and blockchain. Future research directions involve utilizing internet search-based measures, time-varying mixture models, economic policy uncertainty, expert predictions, machine learning algorithms, and analyzing cryptocurrency risk. This review contributes unique insights into the field's growth, influential sources, and collaborative structures and offers a foundation for advancing methodology and enhancing cryptocurrency forecasting models. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric analysis; cryptocurrency forecasting; systematic literature review
Cao M.; Wang F.; Ma S.; Geng H.; Sun K.	Recent advances on greenhouse gas emissions from wetlands: Mechanism, global warming potential, and environmental drivers	2024	Environmental Pollution	10.1016/j.envpol.2024.124204	Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from wetlands have exacerbated global warming, attracting worldwide attention. However, the research process and development trends in this field remain unknown. Herein, 1865 papers related to wetlands GHG emissions published from January 2000 to December 2023 were selected, and CiteSpace and VOSviewer were used for bibliometric analysis to visually analyze the publications distribution, research authors, organizations and countries, core journal and keywords, and discussed the research progress, trends and hotspots in the fields. Over the past 24 years, the research has gone through three phases: the “embryonic” stage (2000–2006), the accumulation stage (2007–2014), and the acceleration stage (2015–2023). China has played a pivotal role in this domain, publishing the most papers and working closely with the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Germany, and Australia. In addition, this study synthesized 311 field observations from 123 publications to analyze the variability in GHG emissions and their driving factors in four different types of natural wetlands. The results suggested that the average carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), and nitrous oxide (N2O) fluxes in different wetlands were significantly different. River wetlands exhibited the highest GHG fluxes, while marsh wetlands demonstrated greater global warming potential (GWP). The average CO2, CH4 and N2O fluxes were 60.41 mg m−2·h−1, 2.52 mg m−2·h−1 and 0.05 mg m−2·h−1, respectively. The GWP of Chinese natural wetlands was estimated as 648.72 Tg·CO2-eq·yr−1, and CH4 contributed the largest warming effect, accounting for 57.43%. Correlation analysis showed that geographical location, climate factors, and soil conditions collectively regulated GHG emissions from wetlands. The findings provide a new perspective on sustainable wetland management and reducing GHG emissions. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric review; Environmental drivers; Global warming potential; Greenhouse gas emissions; Wetlands
Amida N.; Nahadi N.; Supriyanti F.M.T.; Liliasari L.; Maulana D.; Ekaputri R.Z.; Utami I.S.	Phylogenetic Analysis of Bengkulu Citrus Based on DNA Sequencing Enhanced Chemistry Students' System Thinking Skills: Literature Review with Bibliometrics and Experiments	2024	Indonesian Journal of Science and Technology	10.17509/ijost.v9i2.67813	The study aims to enhance students' system thinking skills through phylogenetic analysis based on DNA sequencing results. The study is carried out through three steps: (i) pretest: evaluate students' knowledge, (ii) treatment: analysis of affinity relationships through phylogenetics using DNA sequence data, and (iii) postest: measurement of improvement in systems thinking skills after implementation. Evaluations are conducted using written tests as well as worksheets and supported by surveys, questionnaires, and interviews for qualitative analysis. The experiment began with the isolation of citrus DNA, determination of concentration and purity, amplification, reading of sequencing results, and phylogenetics. The results of the teaching analysis show that there is a significant improvement in students' mastery of conceptual and system thinking skills, and there is a high correlation between the pretest and posttest. The problem analysis of interviews and questionnaires is also done to see the enthusiasm for activities as well as the effectiveness of the worksheets used. The study comes with new information on determining the relationship between local citrus in Bengkulu and improving the students' system thinking skills. © 2024 Tim Pengembang Jurnal UPI.	Citrus; DNA isolation; Phylogenetic analysis; Sequence DNA; System thinking skills
Wang J.; Garg A.; Satyam N.; Zhussupbekov A.; Sushkova S.	DFOS Technology in Geoengineering Monitoring in the Past 35 Years: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Sensors	10.3390/s24155051	DFOS (distributed fiber-optic sensing) technology has shown the potential to increase the accuracy of measurement after years of development and experimenting in geoengineering monitoring. To better understand the development of DFOS technology and its contribution to geoengineering, an objective and data-driven review of the development process of DFOS technology in construction was completed. The review was accomplished by using text mining methods on the Web of Science, covering a wide range of relevant data, including 3970 articles from 1989 to 2023. The results indicate that DFOS technology research demonstrates the typical characteristics of multi-author, multi-country, and multi-institution collaborations, spanning various research fields. Over the past 35 years, the number of published articles has exhibited exponential growth, with China making significant contributions and leading in terms of its total publication growth rate, which has been higher than that of the United States since 2016. In the analysis of author keywords, emerging technologies, such as machine learning and distributed acoustic sensing, have garnered attention. The findings contribute to a comprehensive understanding of the development, impact, and future trends of DFOS technology in geotechnical engineering, offering valuable insights for researchers, scholars, and students in the field and inspiring new approaches for research methods in this domain. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; DFOS; geoengineering; VOSviewer; Web of Science
Xu Z.; Guan C.; Cheng Z.; Zhou H.; Qin W.; Feng J.; Wan M.; Zhang Y.; Jia C.; Shao S.; Guo H.; Li S.; Liu B.	Research trends and hotspots of circular RNA in cardiovascular disease: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Non-coding RNA Research	10.1016/j.ncrna.2024.04.002	From a global perspective, cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), the leading factor accounting for population mortality, and circRNAs, RNA molecules with stable closed-loop structures, have been proven to be closely related. The latent clinical value and the potential role of circRNAs in CVDs have been attracting increasing, active research interest, but bibliometric studies in this field are still lacking. Thus, in this study, we conducted a bibliometric analysis by using software such as VOSviewer, CiteSpace, Microsoft Excel, and the R package to determine the current research progress and hotspots and ultimately provide an overview of the development trends and future frontiers in this field. In our study, based on our search strategy, a total of 1206 publications published before July 31, 2023 were accessed from the WOSCC database. According to our findings, there is a notable increasing trend in global publications in the field of circRNA in CVDs. China was found to be the dominant country in terms of publication number, but a lack of high-quality articles was a significant fault. A cluster analysis on the co-cited references indicated that dilated cardiomyopathy, AMI, and cardiac hypertrophy are the greatest objects of concern. In contrast, a keywords analysis indicated that high importance has been ascribed to MI, abdominal aortic aneurysm, cell proliferation, and coronary artery diseases. © 2024 The Authors	Biomarker; Cardiovascular diseases; Circular RNAs; Therapeutic target
Zhang H.; Zhao Y.; Hou D.	The research of collagen for tissue repair in China from 2019 to 2023 based on bibliometrics and visualization analysis	2024	Medicine in Novel Technology and Devices	10.1016/j.medntd.2024.100307	Due to its unique structure, collagen has exceptional biocompatibility, hemostasis, degradability and other biological properties, and is widely used for tissue repair in bone, cartilage, skin, teeth, neurons, cornea, urinary and various other aspects. Therefore, collagen has garnered in significant attention in the field of tissue repair in recent years. Bibliometrics can objectively reflect the hot spots of research and predict the research frontier through quantitative analysis of the quality and quantity of published papers, authors and institutions, and keywords. This paper uses bibliometrics to summarize the number and composition structure of published papers, the quality of published journals, authors/institutions and countries, and keywords in the past five years, aiming to objectively provide an objective overview of the domestic research landscape of collagen for tissue repair research from 2019 to 2023, and hope to offer valuable insights for future related research. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Collagen; Tissue repair; Visualization analysis
Dias R.; Herzog I.; Alomary S.; Beebe K.S.	Is Program Director Gender Associated with Gender Diversity among Orthopaedic Surgery Residency Programs?	2024	Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research	10.1097/CORR.0000000000003070	BackgroundWomen remain underrepresented in leadership roles, faculty roles, and among residents in orthopaedic surgery. It has been suggested that having women in leadership positions in orthopaedic surgery may help to increase the gender diversity of residency programs. However, to our knowledge, no study has explored the relationship, if any, between the gender of the residency program director and the percentage of women in the residency program.Questions/purposes(1) Is the program director's gender associated with differences in the percentage of women orthopaedic surgery residents? (2) Do women and men differ in the time to appointment of program director?MethodsA list of 207 orthopaedic surgery residencies was obtained from the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) website for the academic year 2021 to 2022. The study excluded 6% (13) of programs; 4% (8) were those without ACGME accreditation and those with initial accreditation, and 2% (5) did not have updated 2021 to 2022 resident lists. Descriptive information on 194 programs was obtained from publicly accessible resources from July 2021 through July 2022. The institution's website and the American Medical Association's (AMA) Fellowship and Residency Electronic Interactive Database (FREIDA) was used to collect residency program characteristics and resident demographics [2]. Doximity, Healthgrades, and LinkedIn were used to further collect current orthopaedic surgery residency program director demographics, including gender, age, and education/training history. To determine gender, photographs and pronouns (she/her/hers or he/him/hers) used in their biographies were used first. To confirm this, secondary sources were used including their NPI profile, which lists gender; Doximity; and their LinkedIn profile. Scopus was used to analyze research output by the program directors - using the Hirsch index (h-index) as the primary bibliometric metric. A total of 194 program directors were identified, of whom of 12% (23) were women and 88% (171) were men. Of the 4421 total residents among these programs, 20% (887) were women and 80% (3534) were men. A univariate analysis comparing program directors was conducted, with continuous variables analyzed using an independent-sample t-test and categorical variables analyzed using a Pearson chi-square test. With the numbers available, a post hoc statistical power calculation indicated that we could detect an 32% difference in the percentage of women in a program as significant with 80% power at the p < 0.05 level, whereas we might have been underpowered to discern smaller differences than that.ResultsWith the numbers available, we found no difference in the percentage of women in residency programs run by women program directors than in programs in which the program director was a man (22% [125 of 558] versus 20% [762 of 3863], mean difference 2% [95% CI -1.24% to 7.58%]; p = 0.08). Comparing women to men program directors, women had fewer years between residency completion and appointment to the position of program director (8 ± 2 years versus 12 ± 7 years, mean difference 4 years [95% CI 2.01 to 7.93 years]; p = 0.02) and had a lower mean h-index (7 ± 4 versus 11 ± 11, mean difference 4 [95% CI 1.70 to 6.56]; p = 0.03) and number of publications (24 ± 23 versus 41 ± 62, mean difference 17 [95% CI 3.98 to 31.05]; p = 0.01), although they did not differ in terms of their advanced degrees, duration of training, or likelihood of having taken a fellowship.ConclusionOrthopaedic residency programs that were run by women did not contain a higher percentage of women residents, suggesting that the gender of the individual in that role may not be as important as has been speculated by others. Future studies should investigate the intersectionality of gender, race, and ethnicity of residents, program directors, and current faculty.Clinical RelevanceThe fact that women were placed in program director roles earlier in career may also carry special jeopardy for them. Those roles are difficult and can impair a faculty member's ability to conduct individual research, which often is key to further academic promotions. Given that and the fact that the gender of the program director was not associated with differences in gender composition of residency programs, we believe that increasing mentorship and access to pipeline programs will help promote diversity in residency programs. © Copyright 2024 by the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons.	N/A
Liu G.-Y.; Yan M.-D.; Mai Y.-Y.; Fu F.-J.; Pan L.; Zhu J.-M.; Ji W.-J.; Hu J.; Li W.-P.; Xie W.	Frontiers and hotspots in anxiety disorders: A bibliometric analysis from 2004 to 2024	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e35701	Objective: This study aimed to analyze research on anxiety disorders using VOSviewer and CiteSpace to identify research hotspots and future directions. Methods: We conduct ed a comprehensive search on the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) for relevant studies about anxiety disorders published within the past two decades (from 2004 to 2024). VOSviewer and CiteSpace were mainly used to analyze the authors, institutions, countries, publishing journals, reference co-citation patterns, keyword co-occurrence, keyword clustering, and other aspects to construct a knowledge atlas. Results: A total of 22,267 publications related to anxiety disorders were retrieved. The number of publications about anxiety disorders has generally increased over time, with some fluctuations. The United States emerged as the most productive country, with Harvard University identified as the most prolific institution and Brenda W. J. H. Penninx as the most prolific author in the field. Conclusion: This research identified the most influential publications, authors, journals, institutions, and countries in the field of anxiety research. Future research directions are involved advanced treatments based on pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy and digital interventions, mechanism exploration to anxiety disorders based on neurobiological and genetic basis, influence of social and environmental factors on the onset of anxiety disorders. © 2024 The Authors	Anxiety disorders; Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Mechanism
Xia T.; Rong M.; Dan C.; Yang T.; Ding Z.; Song L.; Ma C.	Frontier hot trends in ischemic stroke and vascular regeneration based on bibliometric analysis	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.418	BACKGROUND: Vascular regeneration, as one of the crucial repair processes after its onset, necessitates visual analysis between the two. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the literature on ischemic stroke and vascular regeneration in the past decade using bibliometrics and sort out the current status, hotspots, and future research trends in this field. METHODS: We used a bibliometric approach to search the Web of Science database for literature on ischemic stroke and vascular regeneration published between January 2011 and May 2023. The obtained data were systematically analyzed using the VOSviewer visualization software to identify the number of articles, countries, keywords, institutions, authors, citations, and trends. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: We searched and selected 1 484 articles and found that the relationship between ischemic stroke and vascular regeneration has emerged as a research hotspot in the cerebrovascular field, with the number of published articles continuing to rise. Most of these articles were authored by institutions from China and the United States. Shanghai Jiao Tong University was the most cited institution. The most influential author was Hermann DM, whose article had been cited 1 003 times. The current hot research topics in the field include extracellular vesicles, microRNAs and mesenchymal stem cells, which are being studied for their correlations with relevant diseases. To conclude, the bibliometric analysis provides a visual analysis of ischemic stroke and vascular regeneration, which is found to be an emerging focus as well as a valuable reference for future trends and highlights in ischemic stroke and vascular regeneration. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; cerebrovascular disease; ischemic stroke; vascular regeneration; VOSviewer
Bellini F.; Campana P.; Censi R.; Di Renzo M.; Tarola A.M.	Energy Communities in the Transition to Renewable Sources: Innovative Models of Energy Self-Sufficiency through Organic Waste	2024	Energies	10.3390/en17153789	This paper presents the evolution and role of energy communities in the context of the transition to renewable energy sources. Such communities are presented as an innovative and resilient response to the challenges posed by climate change. Their importance emerges from their ability to decentralize energy production, increasing local security and reducing dependence on non-renewable energy sources and external suppliers. However, despite the obvious benefits, this contribution highlights several challenges, such as the need for significant upfront investment and the presence of regulatory barriers that may hinder the integration of these solutions into existing energy systems. A detailed bibliometric analysis is used, focusing on specific research areas and using tools to map the most relevant keywords and emerging trends. The results of the bibliometric analysis highlight how energy communities are emerging as key players in the sustainability landscape, capable of addressing and overcoming contemporary environmental challenges. The research reaffirms the transformative potential of energy communities in promoting a more sustainable and resilient future. © 2024 by the authors.	energy communities; energy self-sufficiency; organic waste; renewable energy; sustainable development
Lile D.J.; Bergman A.; Rolfing J.; Allard R.J.; Davis T.A.; Gross K.R.; Elster E.A.; Schwab C.W.; Cannon J.W.	Missing in action: A bibliometric analysis of military research in the medical literature since 1950	2024	Journal of Trauma and Acute Care Surgery	10.1097/TA.0000000000004376	BACKGROUND Top-tier general and specialty scientific journals serve as a bellwether for national research priorities. We hypothesize that military-relevant publications are underrepresented in the scientific literature and that such publications decrease significantly during peacetime. METHODS We identified high impact journals in the fields of Medicine, Surgery and Critical Care and developed Boolean searches for military-focused topics using National Library of Medicine Subject Headings terms. A PubMed search from 1950 to 2020 returned the number of research publications in relevant journals and the rate of military-focused publications by year. Rates of military publications were compared between peacetime and wartime. Publication rate trends were modeled with a quadratic function controlling for the start of active conflict and total casualty numbers. Baseline proportions of military physicians relative to the civilian sector served to estimate expected publication rates. Comparisons were performed using Pearson's χ2 and Mann-Whitney U test, with p < 0.05 considered a significant difference. RESULTS From 1950 to 2020, a total of 716,340 manuscripts were published in the journals queried. Of these, military-relevant manuscripts totaled 4,052 (0.57%). We found a significant difference in the rate of publication during times of peace and times of war (0.40% vs. 0.69%, p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis found significantly reduced rates of publication in medical and critical care journals during peacetime. For each conflict, the percentage of military-focused publications peaked during periods of war but then receded below baseline levels within a median of 2.5 years (interquartile range, 1.5-3.8 years) during peacetime. The proportion of military-focused publications never reached the current proportion of military physicians in the workforce. CONCLUSION There is marked reduction in rates of publication for military-focused articles in high impact journals during peacetime. Military-focused articles are underrepresented in high-impact journals. Investigators of military-relevant topics and editors of high-impact journals should seek to close this gap.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric analysis; combat casualty care, medical literature; military medicine
Yang L.; Wang Y.; Mu X.; Liao Y.	A visualized and bibliometric analysis of nursing research during the COVID-19 pandemic	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039245	Background: The global spread of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has been increasing since December 2019. A total of 8460 publications were obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection from 2019 to 2023, providing insights into the progress of nursing research throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods: Bibliometric analysis was conducted on these articles using CiteSpace. The analysis focused on examining the distribution of these publications in terms of space and time, distribution of authors, subject categories, distribution of topics, and cited references. Results: These results may be explained from 3 perspectives. Initially, the number of yearly publications on nursing research consistently increased during the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, a co-occurrence analysis of the countries and the authors revealed that certain countries, including the United States, China, and England, have successfully implemented organized and standardized nursing models. These countries also have well-developed and established nursing research systems. Notably, academic communities in specific regions, such as the team led by MD Stefan Gravenstein, Mor Vincent, and White Elizabeth at Brown University in the United States, have emerged as leaders in this field. Furthermore, examining the papers' subject categories and topic distribution indicate that nursing during the COVID-19 pandemic has been predominantly interdisciplinary, encompassing various disciplines such as clinical medicine, essential medicine, psychology, public health management, and even telematics science. Conclusion subsectiongs: Our study provided valuable insights into acquiring knowledge on nursing research during the COVID-19 pandemic, pinpointed possible partners for researchers interested in nursing, and uncovered prevalent research patterns and popular subjects.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; COVID-19; nursing research; research trends
Saeed H.; Martini N.D.; Scahill S.	Exploring telepharmacy: A bibliometric analysis of past research and future directions	2024	Research in Social and Administrative Pharmacy	10.1016/j.sapharm.2024.04.017	This bibliometric review analyzes the evolution of telepharmacy research, significantly amplified by the COVID-19 pandemic. By employing bibliometric analysis, the study aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the current state and emerging trends in telepharmacy. This approach helps in identifying key areas of growth, predominant themes, and potential gaps in the literature. Utilizing data from 330 papers (1981–2023) sourced from Scopus and analyzed with Bibliometrix™, this study applies both performance analysis and science mapping methods to examine the telepharmacy literature. The findings reveal a consistent growth in telepharmacy research, with an 8.07 % average annual growth rate. Performance analysis highlights key authors, influential works, and leading journals and countries in the field. Document co-citation analysis identifies four developmental phases of telepharmacy: emergence, take-off, expansion, and future trajectory by uncovering the intellectual structure of the field. Co-words analysis elucidates evolving conceptual structures and significant subfields over time. These findings serve to inform practitioners and researchers about the evolving landscape of telepharmacy, guiding future research and practice in this increasingly important field. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Co-citation analysis; Co-words analysis; Performance analysis; Science mapping; Telepharmacy
Pereira-Payo D.; Denche-Zamorano Á.; Mendoza-Muñoz M.; Franco-García J.M.; Carlos-Vivas J.; Pérez-Gómez J.	Trends in Multicomponent Training Research in the Aged Population: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Healthcare (Switzerland)	10.3390/healthcare12151493	The proportion of aged populations is increasing worldwide. Exercise has a palliating effect on some adverse implications of aging. Multicomponent training (MCT) is a recommended form of exercise for the aged population. The aims of this research were to (1) study the number of publications regarding MCT in the aged population following an exponential growth rate; (2) identify the journals, authors, and countries that stand out the most in this area; and (3) describe the most common themes and used keywords in this field. The analysis was performed through the traditional laws of bibliometrics, including, Price’s, Lotka’s, Bradford’s, and Zipf’s law. All documents published in journals indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection from 2001 to November 2023 that met the inclusion criteria were included. The 485 documents included in this review revealed that the number of annual publications experienced an exponential growth phase, 15 journals with six or more publications formed the core journals on this topic, and the author Mikel Izquierdo and his collaborative network topped the lists of prominent and prolific co-authors. Spain was the leading country in number of publications. Various thematic lines and keywords regarding strength, sarcopenia, quality of life, falls, balance, dual-task exercise, and cognitive and physical functioning were identified. In conclusion, this work confirmed that research on this topic is going through an exponential growth phase and provided detailed information about the journals, authors, and countries involved in the subject, as well as the keywords most frequently used in the subject matter. © 2024 by the authors.	multicomponent exercise; older adults; physical functional performance; scientometrics
Almansour M.; Mohammad Alfhaid F.	Generative artificial intelligence and the personalization of health professional education A narrative review	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038955	This narrative review examined the intersection of generative artificial intelligence (GAI) and the personalization of health professional education (PHE). This review aims to the elucidate the current condition of GAI technologies and their particular uses in the field of PHE. Data were extracted and analyzed from studies focusing on the demographics and professional development preferences of healthcare workers, the competencies required for personalized precision medicine, and the current and potential applications of artificial intelligence (AI) in PHE. The review also addressed the ethical implications of AI implementation in this context. Findings indicated a gender-balanced healthcare workforce with a predisposition toward continuous professional development and digital tool utilization. A need for a comprehensive educational framework was identified to include a spectrum of skills crucial for precision medicine, emphasizing the importance of patient involvement and bioethics. AI was found to enhance educational experiences and research in PHE, with an increasing trend in AI applications, particularly in surgical education since 2018. Ethical challenges associated with AI integration in PHE were highlighted, with an emphasis on the need for ethical design and diverse development teams. Core concepts in AI research were established, with a spotlight on emerging areas such as data science and learning analytics. The application of AI in PHE was recognized for its current benefits and potential for future advancements, with a call for ethical vigilance. GAI holds significant promise for personalizing PHE, with an identified need for ethical frameworks and diverse developer teams to address bias and equity in educational AI applications. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s)	continuous professional development; diversity in AI development; educational framework; ethical AI integration; generative artificial intelligence; health professional education; precision medicine
Veza I.; Syaifuddin M.; Idris M.; Herawan S.G.; Yusuf A.A.; Fattah I.M.R.	Electric Vehicle (EV) Review: Bibliometric Analysis of Electric Vehicle Trend, Policy, Lithium-Ion Battery, Battery Management, Charging Infrastructure, Smart Charging, and Electric Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X)	2024	Energies	10.3390/en17153786	Electric vehicles (EVs) have seen significant growth due to the increasing awareness about environmental concerns and the negative impacts of internal combustion engine vehicles (ICEVs). The electric vehicle landscape is rapidly evolving, with EV policies, battery, and charging infrastructure and electric vehicle-to-everything (V2X) at its forefront. This review study used a bibliometric analysis of the Scopus database to investigate the development of EV technology. This bibliometric study specifically focuses on analyzing electric vehicle trends, policy implications, lithium-ion batteries, EV battery management systems, charging infrastructure, EV smart charging technologies, and V2X. Through this detailed bibliometric analysis discussion, we aim to provide a better understanding of holistic EV technology and inspire further research in electric vehicles. The analysis covers the period from 1990 to 2022. This bibliometric analysis underscores the interplay of electric vehicle policies, technology, and infrastructure, specifically focusing on developments in battery management and the possibility of V2X technology. In addition, this bibliometric analysis suggests the synchronization of international electric vehicle policy, advancement of battery technology, and promotion of the use of EV smart charging and V2X systems. This bibliometric analysis emphasizes that the expansion of EVs and sustainable mobility relies on a comprehensive strategy that encompasses policy, technology, and infrastructure. This bibliometric analysis recommends fostering collaboration between different sectors to drive innovation and advancements in electric vehicle technology. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; electric vehicle; electric vehicle-to-everything; EV battery management system; EV policy; EV smart charging; lithium-ion battery
Petrušić I.; Martelletti P.	"Comment on ""What predicts citation counts and translational impact in headache research? A machine learning analysis"""	2024	Cephalalgia : an international journal of headache	10.1177/03331024241266980	[No abstract available]	N/A
Wang D.; Ma Z.	Association between obesity and liver cancer from 2012 to 2023 Bibliometric analysis and global trends	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039167	Incidence rates of liver cancer have increased worldwide in recent decades, making it a major public health problem globally. Obesity can be caused by multiple factors and promotes the development of liver cancer in many ways. Although the research on the association between obesity and liver cancer was previously explored, we first employed bibliometrics to analyze the current research status. From 2012 to 2023, the Web of Science Core Collection database was searched for studies regarding the association between obesity and liver cancer. To evaluate worldwide trends and research hotspots in this topic, bibliometric analysis tools such as VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and R Package were employed. Altogether 233 eligible publications, consisting of 167 articles and 66 reviews, were analyzed. The yearly number of publications and average citation numbers have increased over the last 11 years, particularly the last 6 years. The great majority of published articles on this topic originated from the United States (n = 89, 38.20%), followed by China (n = 60, 25.75%), and England (n = 23, 9.87%). In this subject’s research, American scholars embodied considerable production, great prominence, and high academic influence. The most cited article was Yoshimoto, S et al of Japan Science and Technology Agency published in 2013 with a citation number of 1410. We apply bibliometric analysis for the first time in this field, expecting to help scholars efficiently and effectively retrieve the association between obesity and liver cancer. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s)	bibliometric analysis; liver cancer; obesity; publications; trend
Elnour A.A.M.; Abdurahmani N.H.; Musa K.H.; Abdulla F.M.	Bioactive compounds extracted from patchouli via microwave-assisted hydrodistillation: A 36-year bibliometric and systematic review analysis	2024	Phytomedicine Plus	10.1016/j.phyplu.2024.100616	Background: Over the past 36 years, the extraction of bioactive compounds from patchouli (Pogostemon cablin) using Microwave-Assisted Hydrodistillation has garnered increasing interest, particularly in China. This research explored various applications, including pharmaceuticals, anti-inflammatory agents, cosmetics, and skincare technologies. This study aimed to identify knowledge gaps, guide research efforts, foster collaboration, and enhance our understanding of the acquisition of bioactive compounds from patchouli. Additionally, this study sought to address the scarcity of studies investigating the correlation between bioactive compounds extracted through Microwave-Assisted Hydrodistillation and their biological activities. Study Design: This study analyzed literature on Microwave-Assisted Hydrodistillation for extracting bioactive compounds from patchouli. It explored the connections between authors, countries, and keywords and evaluated the field's output over time. This research also identified key authors, journals, and institutions, emphasizing the significance of the extraction of bioactive compounds from patchouli. Furthermore, it offered recommendations for future research directions Methods: This study used bibliometric analysis to identify past and present research topics quantitatively and objectively, with a comprehensive literature overview. The analysis involved statistical analysis of relevant scientific literature indices, a data matrix, and visualization of co-citation, coupling, cooperative analysis, and co-word analyses. The VOS viewer and R-biblioshiny were used as co-occurrence analysis software, particularly for keywords. The study also involved a systematic search strategy to identify relevant literature. Results: The bibliometric maps of the study comprised of 2,904 documents extracted from EBSCO, DIMENSION, SCOPUS, and PUBMED. These maps encompassed co-authorship analyses of authors and countries, co-occurrence analyses of author keywords, and thematic evolution. The dataset contains information from 1987 to 2023 and includes 51 documents from 44 journals and books. The annual growth rate of the documents was 0 % and the average age was 914 years. Each record had an average of 2039 citations and 363 references. These documents were associated with 141 keywords and 802 author keywords. A total of 243 authors contributed to these documents, with only 3 documents authored by a single individual. On an average, each document had 549 co-authors, and approximately 3.922 % of the co-authors had international affiliations. Conclusion: The study concludes that there are significant opportunities for researchers from various countries to collaborate on research into “patchouli secondary metabolites and their biological applications.” However, this study acknowledges the limitations of its specific set of keywords and suggests that alternative keywords can provide various insights. This study also highlights the need for further research in specific areas, particularly the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), Africa, the USA, and Asia, which have shown fewer links and connections in the patchouli research field. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Biological application; Co-word analysis; Phytomedicine; Pogostemon cablin; Thematic evolution
dos Santos C.A.L.; Silva J.R.D.L.; Filho V.M.B.; Bento E.B.; Barros L.M.; Kamdem J.P.; Hassan W.; Duarte A.E.	Letter to the Editor Regarding “The History of Superior Semicircular Canal Dehiscence: A Bibliometric Analysis”	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.04.127	[No abstract available]	N/A
Kaur M.; Saini M.	Role of Artificial Intelligence in the crime prediction and pattern analysis studies published over the last decade: a scientometric analysis	2024	Artificial Intelligence Review	10.1007/s10462-024-10823-1	Crime is the intentional commission of an act usually suspected as socially detrimental and specifically defined, forbidden, and punishable under criminal law. Developing a society that is less susceptible to criminal acts makes crime prediction and pattern analysis (CPPA) a paramount topic for academic research interest. With the innovation in technology and rapid expansion of Artificial Intelligence (AI), the research in the field of CPPA has evolved radically to predict crime efficiently. While the number of publications is expanding substantially, we believe there is a dearth of thorough scientometric analysis for this topic. This work intends to analyze research conducted in the last decade using Scopus data and a scientometric technique, emphasizing citation trends and intriguing journals, nations, institutions, their collaborations, authors, and co-authorship networks in CPPA research. Furthermore, three field plots have been staged to visualize numerous associations between country, journal, keyword, and author. Besides, a comprehensive keyword analysis is carried out to visualize the CPPA research carried out with AI amalgamation. A total of five clusters have been identified depicting several AI methods used by the researchers in CPPA and the evolution of research trends over time from various perspectives. © The Author(s) 2024.	Artificial Intelligence; Bibliometrics; Crime pattern analysis; Crime prediction; Scientometrics
Nwankwo C.O.; Mahachi J.; Olukanni D.O.; Musonda I.	Africa's natural fibres used in polymer composites: A systematic review	2024	Polymer Composites	10.1002/pc.28482	Environmental concerns and the depletion of petroleum resources have spurred research into natural fibres as sustainable alternatives to synthetic fibres as the reinforcement phase in polymer composites. Given that the local availability of materials is a crucial component in the sustainability framework, there is a need to map out the fibres used to develop natural fibre composites across geographical regions to optimize local resource utilization. Through a systematic review of publications sourced from Scopus and Web of Science databases, this study examines the contributions made by Africa to develop green polymer composites. The bibliometric data from both databases were systematically merged, and bibliometric analysis was carried out to identify trends and relevant relationships and provide a more general insight into Africa's progress in the natural fibre polymer composite field. A meta-analysis was then conducted to identify the natural fibres exclusively sourced from Africa that have been used to develop polymer composites. The study also discussed natural fibre classifications with respect to fibre type and form. Sisal, palm varieties (particularly date palm), alfa, jute and members of the Musaceae family (i.e., banana, plantain and enset) were found to be the most used African-sourced fibres. This study is a step to creating a more extensive global natural fibre database that seeks to provide more precise knowledge, enhance research efficiency, and ensure the utilization of local materials in creating more sustainable composites. Highlights: The use of local materials is a key component of sustainable development A natural fibre database can foster sustainability in the composite industry Egypt, Morocco, and Tunisia are leading Africa's composite research Research prioritizes composite material science over practical applications Sisal, date palm, alfa and jute are the most used natural fibres in Africa. © 2024 The Authors. Polymer Composites published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Society of Plastics Engineers.	Africa; bibliometric analysis; composites; natural fibre; polymer-matrix composites
Nasir M.M.; Ikram A.; Usman M.; Sarwar J.; Ahmed J.; Hamza M.; Farhan S.A.; Siddiqi R.; Qadar L.T.; Shah S.R.; Khalid M.R.; Memon R.S.; Hameed I.	Valve-in-Valve Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement Versus Redo-Surgical Aortic Valve Replacement in Patients With Aortic Stenosis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis	2024	American Journal of Cardiology	10.1016/j.amjcard.2024.04.057	Aortic stenosis is a common and significant valve condition requiring bioprosthetic heart valves with transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) being strongly recommended for high-risk patients or patients over 75 years. This meta-analysis aimed to pool existing data on postprocedural clinical as well as echocardiographic outcomes comparing valve-in-valve (ViV)-TAVR to redo-surgical aortic valve replacement to assess the short-term and medium-term outcomes for both treatment methods. A systematic literature search on Cochrane Central, Scopus, and Medline (PubMed interface) electronic databases from inception to August 2023. We used odds ratios (OR) for dichotomous outcomes and mean differences (MD) for continuous outcomes. Twenty-four studies (25,216 patients) were pooled with a mean follow-up of 16.4 months. The analysis revealed that ViV-TAVR group showed a significant reduction in 30-day mortality (OR 0.50, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.43 to 0.58, p <0.00001), new-onset atrial fibrillation (OR 0.34, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.67, p = 0.002), major bleeding event (OR 0.28, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.45, p <0.00001) and lower rate of device success (OR 0.25, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.53, p = 0.0003). There were no significant differences between either group when assessing 1-year mortality, stroke, myocardial infarction, postoperative left ventricular ejection fraction, and effective orifice area. ViV-TAVR cohort showed a significantly increased incidence of paravalvular leaks, aortic regurgitation, and increased mean aortic valve gradient. ViV-TAVR is a viable short-term option for older patients with high co-morbidities and operative risks, reducing perioperative complications and improving 30-day mortality with no significant cardiovascular adverse events. However, both treatment methods present similar results on short-term to medium-term complications assessment. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	aortic stenosis; redo-SAVR; redo-surgical aortic valve replacement; valve-in-valve transcatheter aortic valve replacement; ViV-TAVR
Liu Q.; Zhang H.; Zhu Y.; Jia L.; Guo R.; Sun Y.; Xu J.	Exploring the landscape of extracellular vesicle application for skin and plastic surgery: A bibliometric analysis from 2003 to 2023	2024	Skin Research and Technology	10.1111/srt.13879	Background: Exosomes and other secretory membrane vesicles, collectively referred to as extracellular vesicles (EVs), have garnered increasing attention in research due to their biological characteristics. Notably, studies have shown promising results regarding the role of stem cell-derived extracellular vesicles (SC-EVs) in skin and plastic surgery applications. This study aims to elucidate current trends in SC-EVs within the context of skin and plastic surgery and offer insights for future research directions in advancing this critical field. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted for relevant studies on SC-EVs in skin and plastic surgery spanning from 2003 to 2023, utilizing the Web of Science database. Subsequently, data analysis was performed using VOSviewer and CiteSpace. Results: A total of 1089 studies were identified, with a noticeable annual increase in publications on SC-EVs' application in skin and plastic surgery. China emerged as the leading contributor to this field, with Shanghai Jiao Tong University being a notable institution. Stem Cell Research & Therapy and the International Journal of Molecular Sciences were the top journals publishing relevant articles. Author Fu Xiaobing from the Chinese People's Liberation Army General Hospital had the highest publication count in this area. Keyword co-occurrence analysis revealed six distinct clusters, with “exosomes” being the most prevalent keyword in recent years. Wound healing and skin rejuvenation emerged as primary research focuses and hotspots in this field. Conclusion: This comprehensive review offers insights into global trends surrounding SC-EVs in skin and plastic surgery. Analysis of journals, institutions, references, and keywords provides valuable guidance for researchers in determining future research directions. © 2024 The Author(s). Skin Research and Technology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric analysis; exosomes; extracellular vesicles; skin and plastic surgery; stem cells
Xu Y.-L.; Yan F.; Li X.-S.; Qu D.; Zhao X.	Influence and progress of tea pigment research: A comprehensive analysis of application of bibliometrics	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34940	Tea pigment, as a natural pigment component in tea, has attracted much attention because of its unique health benefits. In recent years, with the deepening of scientific research, the research on biological activity, extraction technology and application of tea pigment has made remarkable progress. Through systematic bibliometrics analysis, this paper comprehensively combs and evaluates the research status of tea pigment. The propose is to provide valuable reference for future research and application. In this paper, the chemical structure of tea pigment is firstly summarized, and then its diverse biological activities, such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor, are deeply discussed, especially its potential application in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. In addition, the application prospect of tea pigment in food coloring, textile dyeing and other industrial fields is also discussed in detail. Through the collection and arrangement of a large number of research literatures, this paper analyzes the development trend, research methods and main achievements of tea pigment research, and pays special attention to the dosage and effect of tea pigment in practical application. These analyses not only contribute to a more comprehensive understanding of the characteristics and functions of tea pigments, but also provide scientific basis for the further development and application of tea pigments. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Biological activity; Cardiovascular disease; Natural pigment; Tea pigment
Ruiz-Sánchez R.; Arencibia-Jorge R.; Tagüeña J.; Jiménez-Andrade J.L.; Carrillo-Calvet H.	Exploring research on ecotechnology through artificial intelligence and bibliometric maps	2024	Environmental Science and Ecotechnology	10.1016/j.ese.2023.100386	Ecotechnology, quintessential for crafting sustainable socio-environmental strategies, remains tantalizingly uncharted. Our analysis, steered by the nuances of machine learning and augmented by bibliometric insights, delineates the expansive terrain of this domain, elucidates pivotal research themes and conundrums, and discerns the vanguard nations in this field. Furthermore, we deftly connect our discoveries to the United Nations' 2030 Sustainable Development Goals, thereby accentuating the profound societal ramifications of ecotechnology. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Ecotechnologies; Network analysis; SOM neural networks; Sustainable development goals
Huang S.; Duan X.; Bai Y.	Research trends and hotspots in biologics for plaque psoriasis: A bibliometric study from 2004 to 2023	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e35446	"Background and objective: Biologics have revolutionized the management of plaque psoriasis and are flourishing. We aimed to construct a knowledge structure in this field through bibliometrics, analyze research trends and cutting-edge hotspots to inspire future research directions, and provide valuable references for clinical decisions. Methods: Publications on biologics for plaque psoriasis in the Web of Science database core collection from 2004 to 2023 were searched. Bibliometric analysis and scientific knowledge mapping were performed with R, CiteSpace, and VOSviewer software. Results: 2,672 articles written by 9,474 authors from 67 countries were included in the study. The number of annual publications has steadily increased over the last 20 years. The most prolific countries, institutions, and authors were the United States, Novartis, and Prof. Reick K., respectively. Reference analysis categorized the research base of the field into 10 main clusters. “Efficacy” and “safety” were the most frequent keywords, and cluster analysis categorized the research in this area into four groups. Burst detection captured current hot keywords including interleukin (IL)-17 inhibitors, IL-23 inhibitors, “drug survival,” ""discontinuation,"" “Covid-19,” ""real-world,"" and “clinical features.” Conclusion: Global publications on biologics research in plaque psoriasis have grown steadily and rapidly over the past two decades. Efficacy and safety are the highest topics of concern for researchers, and IL-17 inhibitors, IL-23 inhibitors, real-world studies, efficacy prediction, and retreatment after biologics failure or discontinuation are current research hotspots. © 2024 The Authors"	Bibliometrics; Biologics; Plaque psoriasis; Research hotspots; Visualization analysis
Favacho V.S.S.; Melo D.M.A.; Costa J.E.L.; Silva Y.K.R.O.; Braga R.M.; Medeiros R.L.B.A.	Perovskites synthesized by soft template-assisted hydrothermal method: A bibliometric analysis and new insights	2024	International Journal of Hydrogen Energy	10.1016/j.ijhydene.2024.06.326	Hydrothermal synthesis is a technique which enables preparing many perovskites with specific crystal structures, chemical compositions, and morphologies. Thus, a bibliometric analysis of 1087 articles from the Scopus database (1975–2023) related to the keywords “perovskites” and “hydrothermal synthesis” was conducted using the VOSviewer software program. The results of the bibliometric analysis showed that the 1087 articles have 23,286 citations. Materials Letters has the highest number of publications (2.85%) regarding the journals in which these articles are published. China has the highest number of publications (34.50%) and citations (33.56%) related to these articles. Regarding the institutions affiliated with these articles, Jilin University in China concentrates 5.34% of the publications and 6.08% of the citations. In terms of authors, Han, G. has the highest number of publications (2.02%). Finally, the top three keywords with the highest number of occurrences were “perovskite”, “hydrothermal synthesis” and “scanning electron microscopy”. Based on bibliometric analysis, LaNiO3 perovskites were chosen to evaluate the influence of hydrothermal synthesis parameters on their morphologies and, consequently, how these morphologies affect their applications. Thus, the temperature and time ranges used for the synthesis parameters were 160–230 °C and 6–48 h, respectively. Furthermore, the pH range used was 7.6–13, and the mineralizers used to adjust the pH were ammonia, potassium hydroxide, and sodium hydroxide. The temperature and time ranges used for the calcination parameters were 550–800 °C and 2–6 h, respectively. Additionally, LaNiO3 perovskites obtained sphere, cube, rod, disc, and hollow morphologies. The soft templates used to obtain these morphologies were glycine, glycerin, isopropanol, polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP), cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB), citric acid, and urea. The specific surface areas of the perovskites varied between 5.2 and 35.8 m2 g−1. Finally, the most common application for LaNiO3 perovskites was the methane reforming for hydrogen production. © 2024 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC	Hydrogen production; Hydrothermal synthesis; LaNiO<sub>3</sub>; Methane reforming; Soft templates
Yang L.; He J.; Liu J.; Xie T.; Tang Q.	Application of chimeric antigen receptor therapy beyond oncology: A bibliometric and visualized analysis	2024	Current Research in Translational Medicine	10.1016/j.retram.2024.103442	Purpose: Chimeric antigen receptor therapy beyond oncology has gained increasing attention. While a substantial number of publications have emerged in recent years, there has been a paucity of conducted bibliometric studies. Our objective is to systematically summarize and visually analyze the literature in the field of chimeric antigen receptors therapy beyond oncology and explore hotspots in this field. Methods: Web of Science Core Collection was selected as the data source, and the data was retrieved on December 23, 2022, according to the search strategy. CiteSpace 6.1.R6 and Vosviewer 1.6.18 were used to analyze publications and explore research hotspots and directions. Results: A total of 338 publications written by 1832 authors from 516 institutions in 42 countries/regions were selected for the analysis. The number of publications is steadily increasing annually. The United States emerged as the primary contributor, and University of Pennsylvania was the leading institution. Frontiers in Immunology boasted the highest number of published papers. Kitchen SG, Riley JL, and Scott DW were the most productive researchers in this field. The keyword cluster analysis identified HIV, autoimmune diseases, transplant related diseases and COVID-19 as the primary focus areas within the realm of chimeric antigen receptor therapy beyond oncology. Conclusion: The advancement of chimeric antigen receptor therapy beyond oncology has witnessed rapid progress in recent years. We have explored the hotspots and research directions in this field. It is hoped that this study could provide references and directions for future clinical researches. © 2024 Elsevier Masson SAS	Autoimmune diseases; Bibliometric analysis; Chimeric antigen receptor; HIV; Visualized analysis
Köse S.K.; Aydoǧdu G.; Demir E.; Kiraz M.	Looking backward toward the future: A bibliometric analysis of the last 40 years of meningioma global outcomes	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039241	This study is the first comprehensive bibliometric analysis about meningioma to date. The aim of this study is to identify the most influential publications in this field through citation and co-citation analysis, to examine international collaborations, to identify the conceptual framework of the subject and emerging trending topics through keyword analysis, and to identify the most productive countries, authors and journals. 9619 articles on meningioma published between 1980 and 2023 were downloaded from the Web of Science (WoS) database and statistically analyzed. In this study, various bibliometric techniques were utilized, including trend keyword analysis, thematic evolution analysis, factor analysis, conceptual structure analysis, citation and co-citation analyses. Bibliometric network visualization maps were created to identify trend topics, citation analysis and cross-country collaborations. The Exponential Smoothing estimator was used to predict article productivity in the coming years. The first 3 countries that contributed the most to the literature were respectively; USA (2664, 27.7%), Japan (972, 10.1%), Germany (943, 9.8%). The first three most productive journals were respectively; Journal of Neurosurgery (number of article = 496), World Neurosurgery (399), Acta Neurochirurgica (378). The most productive author was Mcdermott MW (number of article = 88) and the most active institution was the University of California System (number of article = 470). In addition to high-grade meningiomas, the most studied topics from past to present have been magnetic resonance imaging, recurrence, radiation therapy, and skull base. As a result of the analyses to determine trend topics, the subjects studied in recent years were diagnostic and imaging methods, surgical and treatment methods, prognosis and survival, epidemiology and quality of life, and with the advancement of technology, machine learning and prediction models. Scientific collaboration was seen primarily in articles from western countries, especially the USA, European countries, and Canada. However, there was also a not insignificant effect in developing countries such as China, India, and Turkey.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	bibliometric analysis; brain tumor; meningioma; skull base meningioma
Chen Y.; Chen X.; Zhong L.; Lu H.; Zhang H.; Jiang M.	Bibliometric analysis of research trends in the relationship between frailty and neoplasms over the past decade	2024	Supportive Care in Cancer	10.1007/s00520-024-08744-4	Background: The relationship between frailty and neoplasms has attracted increasing attention from researchers in recent years. This study aims to identify current research hotspots and status in this field through bibliometric and visualization analysis. Methods: Literature on the relationship between frailty and neoplasms, meeting the inclusion criteria, was collected from the Core Collection. Bibliometric analysis and visualization were performed using WoS, VOSviewer, and CiteSpace. Results: Our study included 7410 documents on frailty and neoplasms, authored by 43,605 researchers from 9478 institutions across 115 countries, and published in 2067 journals. The USA emerged as the most productive and influential country in this field, with 3059 publications and 89,319 citations. The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and Mayo Clinic were recognized as the most productive institution and the institution with the highest citation count, respectively. The Journal of Geriatric Oncology was the leading publisher. Kirsten K Ness and James L Kirkland were identified as the most productive and most cited authors, respectively. Cluster analysis identified five key areas: body condition and nutrition, quality of life, frailty, mortality and care, and the elderly and frailty. Conclusion: The relationship between frailty and neoplasms remains a contentious and frequently discussed topic. Our findings indicate that research primarily focuses on cancer, the elderly, clinical trials, adverse health outcomes, frailty assessment, and nutrition. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric; CiteSpace; Frailty; Neoplasms; VOSviewer
Liu N.; Yi J.; Yuan F.; Su P.	Knowledge graph analysis of research on nurses' psychological resilience	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039249	In recent years, a surge in literature on psychological nurse resilience, largely driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, has prompted the need for a comprehensive understanding of the current state and emerging trends through reliable methodologies. The purpose of this study was to analyzes the research on nurses' psychological resilience through bibliometrics to understand the current situation, foundation, and hotspot of this research field. The Web of Science core collection database was used as the search source, and CiteSpace analysis software was employed to conduct bibliometric analysis on authors, countries, institutions, keywords, and references of nurse psychological resilience-related literature published from the establishment of the database to July 11, 2023. A total of 1060 articles were included in the final analysis. The study of nurses' psychological resilience had been highly popular and had formed a new and important research basis in recent years. China and the United States led in the number of publications and centrality respectively, with Monash Univ and Curtin Univ as top institutions in the number of publications and centrality respectively. The authors with the highest number of publications and the most frequently cited were Rees and Connor Km respectively. The most frequently cited article was Factors Associated with Mental Health Outcomes Among Health Care Workers Exposed to Coronavirus Disease 2019 published by Lai, JB, etc. Important key keywords included mental health, resilience, stress, health, outbreak, acute respiratory syndrome, etc. The research topics in this field mainly focused on 4 aspects, including nurses' mental health, post-traumatic stress disorder, job burnout and job satisfaction, and intervention research on psychological resilience. The results of bibliometric analysis provide direct support for future scholars to explore and determine the research direction, hot spots, and find authoritative authors and institutions. At the moment, nurses' psychological resilience research has established a new foundation, primarily focusing on COVID-19-related topics. Given the potential prolonged coexistence of COVID-19 and other diseases, the main research focus remains innovating and validating effective psychological resilience intervention strategies for nurses' overall well-being.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	bibliometrics; knowledge graph; nurse; psychological resilience
Valle R.; Singh S.P.; Loch A.A.; Iyer S.N.	How “global” is research in early intervention for psychosis? A bibliometric analysis	2024	Asian Journal of Psychiatry	10.1016/j.ajp.2024.104128	Introduction: Unlike high-income countries (HICs), there are few early intervention services for psychosis in low-and middle-income countries (LAMICs). In HICs, research spurred the growth of such services. Little is known about the state of EIP research in LAMICs, which we address by examining their research output and collaborations vis-à-vis that of HICs. Methods: We conducted a search in Scopus database for early psychosis publications in scientific journals since 1980. Data from each record, including title, author affiliation, and date, were downloaded. For HIC-LAMIC collaborations, data on first, corresponding and last authors’ affiliations, and funding were manually extracted. Descriptive statistics and social network analysis were conducted. Results: Globally, early psychosis publications increased from 24 in 1980 to 1297 in 2022. Of 16,942 included publications, 16.1 % had LAMIC authors. 71.3 % involved authors from a single country (regardless of income level). 21.9 % were collaborations between HICs, 6.6 % between HICs and LAMICs, and 0.2 % among LAMICs. For research conducted in LAMICs and involving HIC-LAMIC collaborations, the first, last, and corresponding authors were LAMIC-based in 71.8 %, 60.7 %, and 63.0 %, respectively. These positions were dominated (80 %) by authors from four LAMICs. 29.4 % of the HIC-LAMIC subset was funded solely by LAMIC funders, predominantly two LAMICs. Conclusions: LAMICs are starkly underrepresented in the otherwise flourishing body of early psychosis research. They have far fewer collaborations and less funding than HICs. Closing these gaps in LAMICs where most of the world's youth live is imperative to generate the local knowledge needed to strengthen early psychosis services that are known to improve outcomes. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Early intervention; Global Health; Psychotic disorders; Research capacity; Research collaborations
Elsayad R.M.; Sharshir S.W.; Khalil A.; Basha A.M.	Recent advancements in wastewater treatment via anaerobic fermentation process: A systematic review	2024	Journal of Environmental Management	10.1016/j.jenvman.2024.121724	This manuscript delves into the realm of wastewater treatment, with a particular emphasis on anaerobic fermentation processes, especially dark, photo, and dark-photo fermentation processes, which have not been covered and overviewed previously in the literature regarding the treatment of wastewater. Moreover, the study conducts a bibliometric analysis for the first time to elucidate the research landscape of anaerobic fermentation utilization in wastewater purification. Furthermore, microorganisms, ranging from microalgae to bacteria and fungi, emphasizing the integration of these agents for enhanced efficiency, are all discussed and compared. Various bioreactors, such as dark and photo fermentation bioreactors, including tubular photo bioreactors, are scrutinized for their design and operational intricacies. The results illustrated that using clostridium pasteurianum CH4 and Rhodopseudomonas palustris WP3-5 in a combined dark-photo fermentation process can treat wastewater to a pH of nearly 7 with over 90% COD removal. Also, integrating Chlorella sp and Activated sludge can potentially treat synthetic wastewater to COD, P, and N percentage removal rates of 99%,86%, and 79%, respectively. Finally, the paper extends to discuss the limitations and future prospects of dark-photo fermentation processes, offering insights into the road ahead for researchers and scientists. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Anaerobic fermentation; Dark fermentation; Dark-photo fermentation; Microorganisms; Photo fermentation; Wastewater treatment
Cai Q.-Y.; Pan Y.-R.; Deng B.-N.; Hu W.-D.; He Z.-Y.; Zhang X.; Tang W.-Z.; Liu T.-H.; Lan X.	Global research on emerging trends of obstetrics during the COVID-19 pandemic A bibliometric analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039182	Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) has caused continuous effects on the global public, especially for susceptible and vulnerable populations like pregnant women. COVID-19-related studies and publications have shown blowout development, making it challenging to identify development trends and hot areas by using traditional review methods for such massive data. Aimed to perform a bibliometric analysis to explore the status and hotspots of COVID-19 in obstetrics. An online search was conducted in the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database from January 01, 2020 to November 31, 2022, using the following search expression: (((TS= (“COVID 19” OR “coronavirus 2019” OR “coronavirus disease 2019” OR “SARS-CoV-2” OR “2019-nCoV” OR “2019 novel coronavirus” OR “SARS coronavirus 2” OR “Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus-2” OR “SARS-COV2”)) AND TS= (“obstetric*” OR “pregnancy*” OR “pregnant” OR “parturition*” OR “puerperium”))). VOSviewer version 1.6.18, CiteSpace version 6.1.R6, R version 4.2.0, and Rstudio were used for the bibliometric and visualization analyses. 4144 articles were included in further analysis, including authors, titles, number of citations, countries, and author affiliations. The United States has contributed the most significant publications with the leading position. “Sahin, Dilek” has the largest output, and “Khalil, Asma” was the most influential author with the highest citations. Keywords of “Cov,” “Experience,” and “Neonate” with the highest frequency, and “Systematic Review” might be the new research hotspots and frontiers. The top 3 concerned genes included ACE2, CRP, and IL6. The new research hotspot is gradually shifting from the COVID-19 mechanism and its related clinical research to reviewing treatment options for pregnant women. This research uniquely delves into specific genes related to COVID-19’s effects on obstetrics, a focus that has not been previously explored in other reviews. Our research enables clinicians and researchers to summarize the overall point of view of the existing literature and obtain more accurate conclusions. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s)	bibliometric; CiteSpace; COVID-19; obstetrics; pregnant women; VOSviewer
Liu X.; Chen S.; Cai Y.; Hu Y.; Ke Y.; Zhang X.; Liu W.	Analysis of research situation on DNA barcoding of Chinese materia medica based on bibliometrics; [基于文献计量学的中药 DNA 条形码研究态势分析]	2024	Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs	10.7501/j.issn.0253-2670.2024.15.019	Objective To analyze the related research on DNA barcoding in the field of Chinese materia medica (CMM) based on bibliometrics, to understand the current research status, reveal research hotspots and trends, and provide references and guidance. Methods The relevant research literature on DNA barcoding in CMM was collected and organized from the Web of Science Core Collection database and the China National Knowledge Infrastructure database from 2000 to December 31, 2023. CiteSpace and VOSviewer were used to visualize and analyze the number of publications, authors, institutions, and keyword co-occurrence networks. Results Currently, DNA barcoding research in CMM remains at a high level of research stage, and it is expected that the research will continue to maintain a significant attention domestically and internationally in the coming years. Both Chinese and English literature show core research teams led by academician Shilin Chen, Professors Hui Yao, Jingyuan Song, and Wei Sun. The Institute of Chinese Materia Medica, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, and Peking Union Medical College, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, are the institutions with the highest publication volume in both Chinese and English literature. The development of efficient and universal plant barcodes, identification of CMM species based on DNA barcoding and chloroplast genome sequencing, germplasm resource protection, quality control, and research on the identification of bioactive components of Chinese patent medicines may be recent research hotspots. Conclusion In the future, researchers should focus on developing efficient and universal plant barcodes, promoting the identification and genetic diversity analysis of CMM germplasm resources based on DNA barcoding, advancing whole-genome sequencing of medicinal plants and organelle genomes, integrating DNA barcoding with physicochemical analysis methods to achieve comprehensive evaluation of medicinal material quality, further integrating DNA barcoding technology into the entire CMM industry chain to achieve full supervision and traceability. © 2024 Editorial Office of Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; Chinese materia medica; chloroplast genome; DNA barcoding; quality control; species identification
Elkhayat Y.; Adel K.; Marzouk M.	Technology adoption in the construction industry (1999–2023): Science mapping and visualization	2024	Automation in Construction	10.1016/j.autcon.2024.105491	Technology adoption has acquired significant research interest, resulting in an expanding volume of literature. However, there is a scarcity of studies using scientometrics and detailed content analysis due to limited quantitative research over time. Consequently, this paper conducts a comprehensive review of 124 peer-reviewed articles to explore and characterize the developmental trajectory of construction-related technology acceptance and adoption literature. The research analyzes aspects such as annual publication trends, citation distributions, scientific collaboration, source citations, and literature content. The outcomes of this paper deepen new researchers' understanding of technology adoption literature, assist practitioners in evaluating emerging technologies, and identify promising domains for future studies. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Content analysis; Science mapping; Technology acceptance model; Technology adoption; VOSviewer
Zhang M.; Cai J.; Xu Y.; Wang L.; Xu Q.; Qiao J.; Su X.; Cai M.	Current status and hotspot analysis of Dendrobium huoshanense research based on bibliometrics; [基于文献计量学的霍山石斛研究现状及热点分析]	2024	Drug Evaluation Research	10.7501/j.issn.1674-6376.2024.08.022	Objective In order to understand the research status and future research trends of Dendrobium huoshanense in the past 20 years, and provide a certain reference basis for subsequent research. Methods The literature in China Academic Journal Full-text Database (CNKI), Wanfang Database (Wanfang Data), VIP Biomedical Database (VIP), PubMed database and Web of Science (WOS) database from January 1, 2003 to December 31, 2023 were searched. Endnote conducts literature processing to remove irrelevant and duplicate literature, and conducted bibliometric and visual analysis using VOS viewer. Results The results showed that the annual number of publications in the field of D. huoshanense related research was fluctuating upward trend in the past 20 years. In terms of quantity and time, Chinese literature has more advantages than English literature. The keyword clustering analysis indicates that the current research on D. huoshanense was mainly based on cultivation of D. huoshanense and is limited research on clinical applications and molecular pharmacology. Conclusion The clinical application and molecular pharmacology research of D. huoshanense have the significance of comprehensive and in-depth research. © 2024 Tianjin Press of Chinese Herbal Medicines. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; Dendrobium huoshanense; hotspot analysis; research progress; visual analysis
Kadkhodazadeh M.; Haririan H.; Amid R.; Rezaei F.; Yazdani A.; Akbarzadeh Baghban A.; Azadi A.	An Analysis of Scientific Research Trends in Oral Implantology Between 2016 and 2022	2024	The Journal of oral implantology	10.1563/aaid-joi-D-24-00040	The present study aims to evaluate the trends of oral implant-related research in design and topics between the range of 2016 to the end of 2022. The electronic search was conducted in MEDLINE via Pubmed. Papers published in Clinical Oral Implant Research, Clinical Implant Dentistry and Related Research, and International Journal of Oral Implantology as well as previously European Journal of Oral Implantology, International Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Implants, and Journal of Oral Implantology between January 1, 2016, and December 30, 2022, were retrieved. Articles were classified according to their study design and major subjects. The Joinpoint regression model was used to determine changes in the trends of study designs and topics. Statistical significance was defined as a p-value <.05. A total of 3382 articles were analyzed in this study. In the specified period, in vivo, prospective cohort, retrospective case control, randomized clinical studies in the design and prosthetic complications, peri-implant hard tissue studies in the topic experienced a significant decreasing pattern in the number of published articles as well as the total number of articles. Case reports and series, retrospective cohort, nonrandomized clinical studies in the design and outcomes of implant-related treatment plans, immediate implant placement, and peri-implantitis in the topic experienced a significant decreasing pattern followed by a significant increasing pattern with a turning point between 2017 and 2020. Considering the limitations of this scientific topical trend analysis, it can be concluded that the recent pandemic affected the research path in oral implantology in many ways.	dental implant; regression analysis; trends
Plakias S.; Tsatalas T.; Mina M.A.; Kokkotis C.; Kellis E.; Giakas G.	A Bibliometric Analysis of Soccer Biomechanics	2024	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	10.3390/app14156430	Soccer biomechanics is a field that applies principles of mechanics to improve performance and reduce the risk of injury for soccer players. The purpose of this research is to perform a mapping review of the existing knowledge in the current literature, identify leading researchers and institutions, and explore emerging research topics. After conducting a mini literature review, a bibliometric analysis was carried out using the VOSviewer software. The data imported into VOSviewer was obtained from the Scopus database and included 951 records. The analysis performed included: (a) performance analysis to calculate the number of records per year and the authors with the most citations; (b) science mapping analysis (co-authorship, co-citation, and bibliographic coupling); and (c) clustering analysis through the co-occurrence analysis of author keywords. Our findings highlight a significant growth in research publications on soccer biomechanics over the past few decades, with a notable increase in the number of articles published in high-impact journals. Additionally, the clustering analysis resulted in seven clusters, with each cluster providing valuable insights into different aspects of soccer biomechanics, which clearly reflects the multifaceted nature of the field. © 2024 by the authors.	association football; injuries; kinematics; kinetics; performance; scientometric analysis
Citybabu G.; Yamini S.	A state of the art of Lean Six Sigma in the Indian context – 21st century: a bibliometric analysis	2024	TQM Journal	10.1108/TQM-12-2022-0357	Purpose: This research aims to conduct a literature review of Lean Six Sigma (LSS) in the Indian context and related research publications and apply bibliometric analysis and the author's visualization to map research trends in this area. Design/methodology/approach: This article conducts a bibliometric analysis of LSS-related research in the Indian context using data gathered from Scopus and Web of Science databases from 2011 to 2022. The review provides information on LSS-related research in the Indian context and evaluates performance based on primary sources, authors, keywords, countries, affiliations, and documents. The analysis employs the Biblioshiny app and Bibliometrix R-tool for data analysis and scientific mapping. Findings: The results of the bibliometric analysis indicate that the LSS culture has widely spread in India. The International Journal of Lean Six Sigma and Production Planning and Control were found to be the most productive sources for publishing LSS-related research articles. Antony J. was identified as the most active author in this field, contributing the most over the years. Among all organizations, NITs have conducted the most comprehensive research on LSS, indicating their significant investment of resources and efforts in studying this methodology and its applications in India. Additionally, the study examined the intellectual, social, and conceptual structures to identify implicit gaps and future research opportunities. Practical implications: The findings of this study can inform academicians, researchers, practitioners, and policymakers about the state-of-the-art and the specifics of the most prolific studies. This study will facilitate their exploration of emerging research areas in LSS. Originality/value: To the best of the authors knowledge, this is the first bibliometric analysis of LSS in the Indian context, providing an overview of relevant publications published between 2011 and 2022. This study analyzed 194 articles on LSS in India, which can help researchers and academics identify emerging research areas, suitable collaborators, and relevant journals for future publications. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; Bibliometrix; Biblioshiny; India; Indian context; Lean Six Sigma; LSS
Hassankhani A.; Amoukhteh M.; Vasavada P.S.; Gholamrezanezhad A.	Beyond the H-Index and Toward a Comprehensive Framework	2024	Journal of the American College of Radiology	10.1016/j.jacr.2024.01.015	[No abstract available]	N/A
Liew Y.Y.; Dong Q.; Lakshman N.; Khajuria A.	The 100 most-cited articles in COVID-19: a bibliometric analysis	2024	European Journal of Public Health	10.1093/eurpub/ckae098	Corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, sparked by the emergence of a novel coronavirus in early 2020, has prompted a surge in published articles. This study aims to systematically analyse the characteristics and trends of impactful research in the field. The 100 most-cited publications associated with COVID-19 were identified by two independent reviewers using the ‘Web of Science’ database across all available journals up to the year 2023. Data collected include country, citation count, subject, level of evidence (using Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine System 2011), impact factor, funding, and study design. We identified 394 038 publications, and the 100 most-cited publications were ranked. These were cited by a total of 283 034 articles (median citation = 767), median impact factor of 66.9 and 72 articles with fundings. China (n = 44), USA (n = 19), and UK (n = 13) were the three highest contributors (n = 220 505). Most articles were level 5 evidence (n = 48), followed by level 3 (n = 28), 4 (n = 14), 2 (n = 7), and 1 (n = 3). The main subjects were mechanism of action and structures of SARS-CoV-2 virus (n = 18) and impact of COVID-19 on public health (n = 18). Publications in 2022 and 2023 predominantly focused on the impact of COVID-19. Majority of the highly cited studies were of low-to-moderate quality, with only 10 consisting of randomized controlled trials or systematic reviews with or without meta-analysis. These findings reflect a growing interest in understanding the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on public and mental health. This analysis found the potential for future double-blinded randomized controlled trials to validate existing findings. © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Public Health Association.	N/A
Vergara D.; Fernández-Arias P.; Lampropoulos G.; Antón-Sancho Á.	Hydrogen Revolution in Europe: Bibliometric Review of Industrial Hydrogen Applications for a Sustainable Future	2024	Energies	10.3390/en17153658	Industrial applications of hydrogen are key to the transition towards a sustainable, low-carbon economy. Hydrogen has the potential to decarbonize industrial sectors that currently rely heavily on fossil fuels. Hydrogen, with its unique and versatile properties, has several in-industrial applications that are fundamental for sustainability and energy efficiency, such as the following: (i) chemical industry; (ii) metallurgical sector; (iii) transport; (iv) energy sector; and (v) agrifood sector. The development of a bibliometric analysis of industrial hydrogen applications in Europe is crucial to understand and guide developments in this emerging field. Such an analysis can identify research trends, collaborations between institutions and countries, and the areas of greatest impact and growth. By examining the scientific literature and comparing it with final hydrogen consumption in different regions of Europe, the main actors and technologies that are driving innovation in industrial hydrogen use on the continent can be identified. The results obtained allow for an assessment of the knowledge gaps and technological challenges that need to be addressed to accelerate the uptake of hydrogen in various industrial sectors. This is essential to guide future investments and public policies towards strategic areas that maximize the economic and environmental impact of industrial hydrogen applications in Europe. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric review; Europe; hydrogen; industrial applications; sustainable future
Hou W.; Li X.; Wen Y.; Du X.	Global research trends in skiing from 1974 to 2023: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e35471	This study analyzes 1643 documents related to skiing from 1974 to 2023 using the Web of Science Core Collection database, employing CiteSpace and VOSviewer for quantitative analysis. Findings reveal a growing literature output, with the past five years contributing to 36.2 % of publications. Norway leads in total publications and collaboration intensity, with the University of Salzburg and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology as prominent institutions. The research spans a wide range of disciplines such as Sport Sciences, Physiology, etc., and interdisciplinary intersections with engineering, computer science, etc. have become a future research trend. The research focuses on the analysis of skiers' sports performance, the analysis of skiing-induced sports injuries, the biomechanical analysis of skiers' postures, and the analysis of skiing-induced respiratory diseases. The study highlights the evolution of research focus from skiing injuries to injury prevention and sports performance enhancement. This comprehensive overview aids scholars in understanding skiing research hotspots and future trends efficiently. © 2024	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Development trend; Skiing; VOSviewer
Boeck B.; Westmark C.J.	Bibliometric Analysis and a Call for Increased Rigor in Citing Scientific Literature: Folic Acid Fortification and Neural Tube Defect Risk as an Example	2024	Nutrients	10.3390/nu16152503	The health benefits of vitamin B9 (folate) are well documented, particularly in regard to neural tube defects during pregnancy; however, much remains to be learned regarding the health effects and risks of consuming folic acid supplements and foods fortified with folic acid. In 2020, our laboratory conducted a population-based analysis of the Food Fortification Initiative (FFI) dataset to determine the strength of the evidence regarding the prevalence of neural tube defects (NTD) at the national level in response to mandatory fortification of cereal grains with folic acid. We found a very weak correlation between the prevalence of NTDs and the level of folic acid fortification irrespective of the cereal grain fortified (wheat, maize, or rice). We found a strong linear relationship between reduced NTDs and higher socioeconomic status (SES). Our paper incited a debate on the proper statistics to employ for population-level data. Subsequently, there has been a large number of erroneous citations to our original work. The objective here was to conduct a bibliometric analysis to quantitate the accuracy of citations to Murphy and Westmark’s publication entitled, “Folic Acid Fortification and Neural Tube Defect Risk: Analysis of the Food Fortification Initiative Dataset”. We found a 70% inaccuracy rate. These findings highlight the dire need for increased rigor in citing scientific literature, particularly in regard to biomedical research that directly impacts public health policy. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; folate; folic acid; food fortification; neural tube defects; rigor and reproducibility
Yu C.; Wang Y.; Zhou W.; Wang T.; Xu J.	Knowledge mapping and research trends of distraction osteogenesis in oral and maxillofacial surgery	2024	Journal of Stomatology, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery	10.1016/j.jormas.2023.101746	Background: Distraction osteogenesis (DO) has found extensive use in oral and maxillofacial surgery for correcting maxillofacial deformities due to its numerous advantages. However, comprehensive scientific and visual analyses of this field on a global scale are rare. Therefore, this study aims to provide a summary of the global trends and current status of DO in oral and maxillofacial surgery. Method: Publications concerning DO in oral and maxillofacial surgery were comprehensively searched and selected from the Web of Science Core Collection(WOSCC) database. We evaluated the annual contributions from institutions, journals, countries, and authors using bibliometric analysis software. Results: A total of 541 publications were included in this study. The USA played a predominant role in this field, leading in both publication volume and international collaboration. Harvard University and the University of Hong Kong secured the top position in total publications, while the University of Texas System topped the list in total citations within this field. The Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery emerged as the primary contributing journal, and Cheung LX emerged as the primary contributing author in the field of distraction osteogenesis (DO) in oral and maxillofacial surgery. Keywords such as 'orthognathic surgery,' 'reconstruction,' and 'osteogenesis' are anticipated to be prominent topics in future research. Conclusion: Between 1995 and 2023, there has been rapid growth in the total number of publications within the field of distraction osteogenesis (DO) in oral and maxillofacial surgery. The USA stands out as the predominant country in this field. Surgeries, orthognathic surgery, and osteogenesis have emerged as prominent topics. The findings of our study offer valuable insights for scholars seeking to identify research hotspots and chart the developmental direction of DO in oral and maxillofacial surgery. © 2023 Elsevier Masson SAS	Bibliometric; Distraction osteogenesis; Oral and maxillofacial surgery; Research trend; Visualization
Wu S.; Li L.; Xi H.; Wu X.; He Y.; Sun X.; Wu L.	Bibliometrics and knowledge mapping of the pathogenesis of hepatic encephalopathy in patients with liver cirrhosis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34330	Background: Hepatic encephalopathy is a common and serious complication of decompensated cirrhosis. It can considerably contribute to economic burden and impaired quality of life. However, its pathogenesis remains unclear. Method: In this study, we aimed to visually analyse the research status and development trends in hepatic encephalopathy pathogenesis using bibliometrics and knowledge mapping. Information regarding publications between 1978 and 2022 were obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection. CiteSpace was used to analyse and present data by year, author, institution, country, journal, reference, and keyword. Results: A total of 1578 publications on hepatic encephalopathy pathogenesis in patients with cirrhosis were retrieved from Web of Science Core Collection. A gradual increasing trend in annual publications has occurred. The collaborative network analysis results suggest the United States of America, the University of London, and Bajaj, Jasmohan S as the most influential country, institution, and author, respectively, in this research field. Notably, China appeariiuis to be the most promising country. Research on ‘hepatology’ garners the most significant papers in the field. Combined with reference co-citation and keyword co-occurrence analyses, we found that ammonia metabolism, gut microbiota, sarcopenia, and trace elements will become future research frontiers that are likely to be explored for a considerable length of time. Conclusion: Future research directions in HE pathogenesis may target modulating the ammonia metabolism, the gut microbiota, sarcopenia, and trace elements. © 2024 The Authors	Ammonia; Bibliometric analysis; Gut microbiota; Hepatic encephalopathy; Liver cirrhosis; Sarcopenia
Camacho-Rozo C.P.; Urbina-Cardona N.	Major knowledge shortfalls for Colombian Amazonian anurans: Implications for conservation	2024	Austral Ecology	10.1111/aec.13564	The Amazon boasts the highest anuran species diversity in the world. The Colombian Amazon has the highest rates of illegal deforestation, leading to accelerated species loss. The objective of this review was to identify knowledge shortfalls in anuran research to effectively address conservation efforts. We conducted a systematic literature search from different databases. To this end, we evaluated knowledge gaps in the published literature to pinpoint areas where information is lacking, aiming to address critical topics essential for advancing scientific understanding and informing effective conservation and management strategies. We read the Abstract, Methods, Study Area, Results and supplementary material for each document following the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses) protocol. We found 161 documents, with the earliest publications dating back to the 1940s, and the highest productivity occurring since 2000. The diversity of research topics has increased over time. The most studied topics were systematics and taxonomy, natural history, geographic distributions, while the least studied topics (with less than six documents) were cell biology and microbiology, genetics, toxicology, ethnobiology, diet, infectious diseases, biogeography and macroecology. There remains a need for further research in these underrepresented areas. Only 10 species were represented in more than 17 papers and 165 species were represented in less than three publications. Only three species (Allobates femoralis, Dendropsophus parviceps and Phyllomedusa bicolor) were studied from more than 10 topics and, in general, the studies concentrated on adult life stages, maintaining a gap in the knowledge of larval stages (Haeckelian shortfall). We found 296 anuran species reported in the published documents; and the departments of Amazonas, Caquetá and Putumayo had the highest number of studies with great knowledge gaps in Meta, Vichada, Nariño and Cauca. There was an important increase in the collection of primary field data, and the use of biological collections for specimen studies, with 30.6% and 40% of total studies in these periods, respectively, relying on these data sources. However, in the entire 76-year span, there has been only one publication that conducted experiments on anurans, highlighting the considerable lack of eco-physiological studies. Our review did not find a population ecology paper with detailed demographic data or life tables (Prestonian shortfall), although we did uncover six papers reporting abundance data of seven species that could be applied to conservation efforts. We found two papers that reported on functional traits such as reproductive modes and morphological traits (Raunkiæran shortfall); but we did not find a paper on biotic interactions (Eltonian shortfall), species'abiotic tolerances (Hutchinsonian shortfall), or explicit evolutionary patterns (Darwinian shortfall). Only five anuran species were listed in the “Catálogo de Anfibios y Reptiles de Colombia” and only two species have distribution models available on the BioModelos online platform to map Colombian species distribution (Wallacean shortfall). Of the 296 anuran species, 32 are classified under various IUCN threat categories, although these assessments were based solely on geographical distribution data (AOO and EOO) due to the lack of population trend information, resulting in 218 species categorized as of least conservation concern, due to their wide distribution. This study highlights the limited focus on anuran population ecology in the Colombian Amazon, despite its critical role in understanding demographic processes and species conservation. Herpetological research in the Amazon must focus on providing the following critical information for species conservation: (a) long-term participatory population assessments in mature native forests, (b) detection of changes in the abundance and value of species' functional traits in response to landscape anthropogenic transformation and (c) the development and validation of species distribution maps for the Amazonian region. Sharing raw anuran species population and distribution data through open-access platforms are crucial steps for the development of informed conservation strategies for the region. Such data enable early detection of habitat degradation and loss effects and establishes a research agenda for long-term participatory monitoring of anuran species and their habitats. © 2024 The Author(s). Austral Ecology published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Ecological Society of Australia.	bibliometrics; biological conservation; herpetology; knowledge gaps; research topics
Ricolfi L.; Vendl C.; Bräunig J.; Taylor M.D.; Hesselson D.; Gregory Neely G.; Lagisz M.; Nakagawa S.	A research synthesis of humans, animals, and environmental compartments exposed to PFAS: A systematic evidence map and bibliometric analysis of secondary literature	2024	Environment International	10.1016/j.envint.2024.108860	Background: Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are a class of widely used anthropogenic chemicals. Concerns regarding their persistence and potential adverse effects have led to multiple secondary research publications. Here, we aim to assess the resulting evidence base in the systematic secondary literature by examining research gaps, evaluating the quality of reviews, and exploring interdisciplinary connections. Methods: This study employed a systematic evidence-mapping approach to assess the secondary literature on the biological, environmental, and medical aspects of exposure to 35 fluorinated compounds. The inclusion criteria encompassed systematic reviews published in peer-reviewed journals, pre-prints, and theses. Comprehensive searches across electronic databases and grey literature identified relevant reviews. Data extraction and synthesis involved mapping literature content and narrative descriptions. We employed a modified version of the AMSTAR2 checklist to evaluate the methodological rigour of the reviews. A bibliometric data analysis uncovered patterns and trends in the academic literature. A research protocol for this study was previously pre-registered (osf.io/2tpn8) and published (Vendl et al., Environment International 158 (2022) 106973). The database is freely accessible through the interactive and user-friendly web application of this systematic evidence map at https://hi-this-is-lorenzo.shinyapps.io/PFAS_SEM_Shiny_App/. Results: Our map includes a total of 175 systematic reviews. Over the years, there has been a steady increase in the annual number of publications, with a notable surge in 2021. Most reviews focused on human exposure, whereas environmental and animal-related reviews were fewer and often lacked a rigorous systematic approach to literature search and screening. Review outcomes were predominantly associated with human health, particularly with reproductive and children's developmental health. Animal reviews primarily focused on studies conducted in controlled laboratory settings, and wildlife reviews were characterised by an over-representation of birds and fish species. Recent reviews increasingly incorporated quantitative synthesis methodologies. The methodological strengths of the reviews included detailed descriptions of study selection processes and disclosure of potential conflicts of interest. However, weaknesses were observed in the critical lack of detail in reporting methods. A bibliometric analysis revealed that the most productive authors collaborate within their own country, leading to limited and clustered international collaborations. Conclusions: In this overview of the available systematic secondary literature, we map literature content, assess reviews’ methodological quality, highlight data gaps, and draw research network clusters. We aim to facilitate literature reviews, guide future research initiatives, and enhance opportunities for cross-country collaboration. Furthermore, we discuss how this systematic evidence map and its publicly available database benefit scientists, regulatory agencies, and other stakeholders by providing access to current systematic secondary literature on PFAS exposure. © 2024 The Author(s)	Database; Ecotoxicology; Forever chemicals; Health; PFOA; PFOS; Systematic review
Salman M.; Sorokin V.; Aw K.	Systematic literature review of wave energy harvesting using triboelectric nanogenerator	2024	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2024.114626	Ocean wave energy is an abundant and promising source of renewable energy but challenging to harvest due to its low frequency and irregularity. Triboelectric nanogenerators (TENGs) are an emerging technology that is highly efficient at harvesting low-frequency energy. Over the last decade, much research has been devoted to wave energy harvesting using TENGs. This study aims to analyse extensive research using the bibliometric approach and discuss state-of-the-art technology in the context of TENGs. The study reviewed articles on wave energy harvesting using TENGs from the Web of Science database from 2012 to 2023. A research topic can be divided into research clusters based on its major categories, and three research clusters were identified in this study, including (A) triboelectric nanogenerator(s), energy harvesting, and blue energy; (B) mechanical energy, system, and conversion efficiency; and (C) performance, contact-electrification, and power. Additionally, research sub-clusters indicate the current research focus in the area, and four sub-clusters were identified: (1) wave energy harvesting with triboelectric nanogenerator, (2) hybrid triboelectric-electromagnetic nanogenerator, (3) harvesting water wave energy, and (4) large-scale wave energy harvesting. According to the results, large-scale wave energy harvesting with TENGs has attracted substantial research attention and is expected to grow in future. In this study, a comprehensive review of wave energy harvesting technology evolutions using TENGs, and their challenges and future prospects is performed that provides a deeper understanding of state-of-the-art technology. This study will help new studies understand wave energy harvesting using TENGs landscape and provide a basis for further research. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometric analysis; Energy harvesting; State-of-the-art; Triboelectric nanogenerators; Wave energy
Li X.; Chen D.; Wang C.; Fan J.; Wang Z.; Liu Y.; Wang W.; Kong C.	Research hotspots and trends in nursing for diabetic foot ulcers: A bibliometric analysis from 2013 to 2023	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e36009	Background: Nursing can effectively prevent and ameliorate diabetic foot ulcers (DFU). However, there is a lack of literature on the bibliometric analysis of DFU nursing. This study aimed to analyze the research hotspots and development trends in DFU nursing over the past 10 years to provide references for future related research. Methods: The Web of Science Core Collection was used to retrieve literature related to DFU nursing from 2013 to 2023. Analyses included the annual publication trends; author, institution, and country collaborations; journal and literature co-citation; and keyword co-occurrence, clustering, and bursting, performed using CiteSpace 5.8 R3. Results: A total of 229 papers were included, showing an upward trend in annual publications. American scholar David G Armstrong (n = 3) and King's College Hospital London (n = 4) were the most productive authors and institutions, respectively. The United States ranked first (n = 45) in national contributions, followed by China and Brazil. The overall research strength between authors and institutions was relatively scattered, and intensive cooperation has not yet been formed. National collaborations resulted in a core team dominated by Europe and North America with concentrated research strengths. The most frequently co-cited journal and co-cited reference were Diabetes Care (111 citations) and Armstrong DG (2017) (131 citations), separately. Research hotspots mainly focused on risk assessment, classification systems, protective measures, and clinical management of DFU. “Primary care” and “intervention efficacy” were identified as the research trends in the coming years. Conclusion: The field of DFU nursing requires more attention. Academic exchange and cooperation between authors, institutions, and countries should be strengthened. Our future research will focus on the latest hotspots and trends, conducting more in-depth and comprehensive studies on DFU management. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; DFU; Diabetic foot ulcers; Nursing
Binner H.; Wojda P.; Yunta F.; Breure T.; Schievano A.; Massaro E.; Jones A.; Newell J.; Paradelo R.; Popescu Boajă I.; Baltrėnaitė-Gedienė E.; Tuttolomondo T.; Iacuzzi N.; Bondi G.; Zupanc V.; Mamy L.; Pacini L.; De Feudis M.; Cardelli V.; Kicińska A.; Stock M.J.; Liu H.; Demiraj E.; Schillaci C.	A Systematic Review and Characterization of the Major and Most Studied Urban Soil Threats in the European Union	2024	Water, Air, and Soil Pollution	10.1007/s11270-024-07288-x	There is an urgent need by the European Union to establish baseline levels for many widespread pollutants and to set out specific levels for these under the Zero pollution action plan. To date, few systematic reviews, superseded by bibliometric analyses, have explored this issue. Even less research has been carried out to compare the efficacy of these two data extraction approaches. This study aims to address these two issues by i) constructing an inventory of the available information on urban soils, highlighting evidence gaps and measuring compliance with the Zero pollution action plan, and by ii) comparing the methods and results of these two data extraction approaches. Through Scopus and Web of Science databases, peer-reviewed articles using the terms urban soil in combination with specific urban soil threats and/or challenges were included. Notably, both approaches retrieved a similar number of initial articles overall, while the bibliometric analysis removed fewer duplicates and excluded fewer articles overall, leaving the total number of articles included in each approach as: 603 articles in the systematic review and 2372 articles in the bibliometric analysis. Nevertheless, both approaches identified the two main urban soil threats and/or challenges to be linked to soil organic carbon and/or heavy metals. This study gives timely input into the Zero pollution action plan and makes recommendations to stakeholders within the urban context. © The Author(s) 2024.	Excess nutrient; Hydrocarbons; Pesticides; PTEs; Soil compaction; Soil organic carbon
Cai M.-Y.; Wang R.-K.; Liu Z.-H.; Chen X.-Y.; Tan W.; Sun Y.-F.; Xu X.-J.; Zhang X.-M.; Yang Z.; Tong H.-Y.	Bibliometric analysis of Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials in China since 2000	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e35499	Aim of the study: To analyze the progress in Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials and to highlight its development process, emerging trends, and hotspots. Materials and methods: Papers on Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials from January 2000 to May 2022 were retrieved from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database. Using the collaboration network analysis of CiteSpace V and VOSviewer software, the cooperation among individuals and institutions in the field of scientific research was analyzed. The functions of frequency analysis, cluster analysis, and burst analysis were employed to conduct bibliometric analysis on research hotspots and trends in the field of Mongolian medicine research. Furthermore, the data visualization function was utilized to clearly display data trends and changes. Results: A total of 8362 papers on Mongolian medicine medicinal materials from CNKI were identified and analyzed.The research on Mongolian medicine has gone through three stages: the initial stage, the exploratory stage, and the developmental stage. The top two institutions in the number of papers are Inner Mongolia Medical University and Inner Mongolia University for Nationalities. Bagenna from Inner Mongolia Medical University is the author with the most papers. “clinical efficacy”, “clinical research”, and “quality standards” were the most frequently used keywords. Research in the field of Mongolian medicine has focused on several diseases, including skeletal system disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and digestive system disorders. Conclusion: Since 2000, there have been growing attention and efforts made in the field of Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials. The research in the field of Mongolian medicine had undergone three stages, namely the initial stage, the exploratory stage, and the developmental stage. The focus shifted from basic research such as the analysis of medicinal ingredients in Mongolian herbs to the application-oriented directions of traditional treatment techniques and advantageous diseases in Mongolian medicine. To make breakthroughs in this field, further research is needed to improve the persuasiveness and authority of Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials in terms of mechanism, standardization, and safety, to promote the development of Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Citespace; Mongolian medicine and medicinal materials; Visualization analysis; VOSviewer
Liu Q.; Ma Y.; Chen L.; Pedrycz W.; Skibniewski M.J.; Chen Z.-S.	Artificial intelligence for production, operations and logistics management in modular construction industry: A systematic literature review	2024	Information Fusion	10.1016/j.inffus.2024.102423	Artificial intelligence (AI) has garnered significant attention within the modular construction industry, emerging as a prominent frontier development trend. A comprehensive and systematic analysis is required to gain a thorough understanding of the existing literature on the use of AI in the management of production, operations, and logistics within the modular construction industry. This review delves into the various aspects of AI implementation in this sector, adopting a critical perspective. The objective of this paper is to analyze the progress, suitability, and research patterns in the field of AI for the management of productions, operations, and logistics within the modular construction industry. First, a concise overview of AI technologies pertaining to the contemporary research on the production, operations and logistics management of the modular construction industry is provided. Second, a bibliometric analysis is performed to provide a comprehensive overview of the existing publications pertaining to this subject matter. Subsequently, this paper presents literature reviews and outlines future directions for each component, specifically AI in the context of production management, operations management, and logistics management within the modular construction industry. The review provides a valuable knowledge base and roadmap to guide future research and development efforts in AI-enhanced modular construction management. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric analysis; Literature review; Logistics management; Modular construction industry; Operations management; Production management
Tang F.; Zhao F.; Jiang Y.; Zhang T.; Wang B.	Global hotspots and trends in diabetic peripheral neuropathy research from 2011 to 2023	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039295	"Diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) is a prevalent disease, and the relevant literature has been increasingly investigated over the past years. Consequently, it is imperative to conduct a scientific and comprehensive DPN research field bibliometric analysis. This study aims to summarize and visualize the literature distribution laws, the research hotspots, and the development trends in DPN using bibliometric methods. We searched all relevant documents published from 2011 to 2023 in the Web of Science Core Collection. Bibliometric analysis and network visualization were performed using VOSviewer, R-bibliometrix, and CiteSpace tools, focusing on countries, institutions, authors, journals, highly cited papers, references, and keywords. This study included a total of 2708 documents. The annual number of publications in the field has notably increased. China, the USA, and the UK take on critical significance in DPN research. The University of Manchester in the UK has the highest number of publications (109). Malik has the most publications (86). Tesfaye literature has been most frequently cited by scholars of DPN research. The Journal of Diabetes and its Complications and Frontiers in Endocrinology have the most publications (45 each). Diabetes Care stands out with the highest impact factor (16.200), number of citations (2516), and H-index (27) among the number of publications top 10 journals. The paper ""Colloca, L. et al Neuropathic pain. Nature Reviews Disease Primers. 2017, 3 (1):1-19""has the highest number of citations (1224 times). The most critical co-cited reference is ""Tesfaye S, 2010, DIABETES CARE, V33, P2285""(cited 408 times). Keywords like ""type 2 diabetes,""""diagnosis,""""association,""""retinopathy,""""risk factors,""""progression,""""corneal confocal microscopy,""""nephropathy,""""balance,""""microvascular complications,""""inflammation,""""disease,""and ""insulin resistance""represent the recent research hotspots. The development, research hotspots, and future trends of the global DPN domain from 2011 to 2023 were summarized and visualized in this study. This study can present more insights into the general situation of DPN research and provide a useful reference for clinical decision-making and directions of subsequent research.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc."	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; diabetic peripheral neuropathy; network analysis; visualization
Hassan W.	Letter to the Editor Regarding “Bibliometric Analysis of the Top 100 Cited Articles and Author H-Indexes on the Surgical Treatment of Trigeminal Neuralgia”	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.04.096	[No abstract available]	N/A
Jialu L.; Xiaomeng L.	Hot spots in study of vascular stent effect and problems in medical quality management: health economics evaluation	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.443	BACKGROUND: Clinical use of vascular stents involves high medical costs, but it may also bring long-term benefits in reducing cardiovascular events and improving the quality of life in patients. Economics evaluation can help decision makers better understand the balance between the cost and benefit of treatment. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the related articles of health economics and discuss the hot spots in the study of the effect and problems of vascular stents in medical quality management. METHODS: The articles concerning health economics evaluation of vascular stents were retrieved from the core set of the Web of Science. The VOSviewer_1.6.19 software was used to make a visualization analysis of the annual publication volume, institutions, countries, keywords, etc. Finally, the research hot spots on the effects and problems of vascular stents were analyzed from the perspective of health economics and medical quality management. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: (1) 120 articles in English were finally included. In the past 10 years, the highest number of articles published in this field was in 2019, with 10 articles. The institution with the largest number of articles published was Harvard University in the United States with 20 articles, and the country with the largest number of articles published was the United States with 58 articles. (2) Keyword cluster analysis demonstrated that the cost-effectiveness analysis of bare metal stents and drug-eluting stents in coronary disease, the cost-effectiveness analysis of angioplasty stent intervention, and the effect of coronary stents in percutaneous coronary intervention are the research hot spots in the field of health economics evaluation of vascular stent research. (3) In the context of medical quality management, the paper further summarized the research hot spots on the therapeutic effect of vascular stents as follows: long-term effect of vascular stents, safety, drug release mechanism research, personalized therapy, restenosis problems, and stent insertion technology. (4) The results of highly cited literature analysis exhibited that drug-eluting stents release drugs to reduce the risk of vascular restenosis, and the restenosis rate is lower than that of bare metal stents, but the cost is usually higher. Biodegradable stents combine the advantages of bare metal stents and drug-eluting stents, that is, avoiding long-term stent existence and reducing the risk of restenosis, but their cost may be higher, and there may be some complications in the short term, and they are not widely used at present. (5) In addition to the direct stent cost, factors that need to be considered when comparing the cost-effectiveness of vascular stents include the risk and cost of stent re-intervention, the risk and cost of complications, the duration and cost of drug therapy, and the quality of life of patients. Therefore, while the initial cost of drug-eluting and biodegradable stents may be higher than bare metal stents, they may lead to better clinical outcomes in the long term, resulting in a more favorable cost effect. (6) Future research directions should focus on making personalized vascular stent treatment decisions, observing the long-term effect of stent treatment, the impact of the stent on patients’ quality of life, formulating health policies, rational allocation of medical resources, and the establishment of long-term follow-up mechanisms. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; cost-effectiveness analysis; drug-eluting stent; health economics; medical quality management; metal support; vascular stent; visualization analysis
Francis D.V.; Abdalla A.K.; Mahakham W.; Sarmah A.K.; Ahmed Z.F.R.	Interaction of plants and metal nanoparticles: Exploring its molecular mechanisms for sustainable agriculture and crop improvement	2024	Environment International	10.1016/j.envint.2024.108859	Metal nanoparticles offer promising prospects in agriculture, enhancing plant growth and ensuring food security. Silver, gold, copper, and zinc nanoparticles possess unique properties making them attractive for plant applications. Understanding molecular interactions between metal nanoparticles and plants is crucial for unlocking their potential to boost crop productivity and sustainability. This review explores metal nanoparticles in agriculture, emphasizing the need to understand these interactions. By elucidating mechanisms, it highlights the potential for enhancing crop productivity, stress tolerance, and nutrient-use efficiency, contributing to sustainable agriculture and food security. Quantifying benefits and risks reveal significant advantages. Metal nanoparticles enhance crop productivity by 20% on average and reduce disease incidence by up to 50% when used as antimicrobial agents. They also reduce nutrient leaching by 30% and enhance soil carbon sequestration by 15%, but concerns about toxicity, adverse effects on non-target organisms, and nanoparticle accumulation in the food chain must be addressed. Metal nanoparticles influence cellular processes including sensing, signaling, transcription, translation, and post-translational modifications. They act as signaling molecules, activate stress-responsive genes, enhance defense mechanisms, and improve nutrient uptake. The review explores their catalytic role in nutrient management, disease control, precision agriculture, nano-fertilizers, and nano-remediation. A bibliometric analysis offers insights into the current research landscape, highlighting trends, gaps, and future directions. In conclusion, metal nanoparticles hold potential for revolutionizing agriculture, enhancing productivity, mitigating environmental stressors, and promoting sustainability. Addressing risks and gaps is crucial for their safe integration into agricultural practices. © 2024 The Author(s)	Agricultural sustainability; Crop productivity; Metal nanoparticle; Molecular interaction; Plant growth; Translocation
Sun W.; Jiang X.; Dong X.; Yu G.; Feng Z.; Shuai L.	The evolution of simulation-based medical education research: From traditional to virtual simulations	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e35627	Background: Simulation-based medical education (SBME) is a widely used method in medical education. This study aims to analyze publications on SBME in terms of countries, institutions, journals, authors, and keyword co-occurrence, as well as to identify trends in SBME research. Methods: We retrieved the Publications on SBME from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database from its inception to January 27, 2024. Microsoft Excel 2019, CiteSpace, and VOSviewer were used to identify the distribution of countries, journals, and authors, as well as to determine the research hotspots. Results: We retrieved a total of 11272 publications from WoSCC. The number of documents published in 2022 was the highest in the last few decades. The USA, the UK, and Canada were three key contributors to this field. The University of Toronto, Stanford University, and Harvard Medical School were the top major institutions with a larger number of publications. Konge, Lars was the most productive author, while McGaghie, William C was the highest cited author. BMC Medical Education has the highest number of publications among journals. The foundational themes of SBME are “Patient simulation,” “extending reality,” and “surgical skills.” Conclusions: SBME has attracted considerable attention in medical education. The research hotspot is gradually shifting from traditional simulations with real people or mannequins to virtual, digitally-based simulations and online education. Further studies will be conducted to elucidate the mechanisms of SBME. The utilization of SBME will be more rationalized. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Clinical training; Medical education; Simulation; Visualization analysis
Azizan A.; Fadzil N.H.M.	What stops us and what motivates us? A scoping review and bibliometric analysis of barriers and facilitators to physical activity	2024	Ageing Research Reviews	10.1016/j.arr.2024.102384	Introduction: Physical inactivity is a major global health concern, contributing to the rising non-communicable disease burden. Elucidating barriers and facilitators influencing participation is critical to promoting activity. This study aimed to synthesize the literature and analyze the extent of research on determinants of physical activity engagement. Methods: Scoping review methodology guided the synthesis of 272 publications on factors influencing physical activity. Bibliometric analysis examined publication trends, productivity, influential studies, content themes, and collaboration networks. Results: Since 2010, the United States has led a significant increase in research output. Highly cited articles identified physiological limitations and psychosocial determinants as key barriers and facilitators. Extensive focus was seen in clinical medicine and exercise science journals. Analysis revealed predominant attention to psychosocial factors, physiological responses, and applications in respiratory disease. Gaps remain regarding policy and environmental factors. Conclusion: This review showed major advances in elucidating determinants while revealing the remaining needs to curb the pandemic of inactivity globally. Expanding international collaboration, contemporary theoretical models, and tailored mixed-methods approaches could promote progress through greater global participation. Addressing knowledge gaps across populations and disciplines should be a priority. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Barriers; Bibliometric analysis; Facilitators; Physical activity; Scoping
Imaniyati N.; Ramdhany M.A.; Rasto R.; Nurjanah S.; Solihah P.A.; Susilawati A.	Neuroscience Intervention for Implementing Digital Transformation and Organizational Health Completed with Literature Review, Bibliometrics, and Experiments	2024	Indonesian Journal of Science and Technology	10.17509/ijost.v9i2.67763	The study aims to investigate neuroscience intervention for the role of digital leadership in the implementation of digital transformation and organizational health at universities in the digital era using bibliometrics. The article data was obtained from the Scopus database. The title and abstract of the article are used to guide the search process by referring to the keywords ‘Digital’ AND ‘Leadership’ AND ‘Neuroscience’. There are 8 articles were found that were considered relevant. The study period used as the study material is the Scopus-indexed article for the last 9 years (2016 to 2023). The results showed that many publications in Scopus-indexed journals, it can be seen that research on the role of digital leadership in implementing digital transformation and health organizations based on neuroscientific interventions is still rarely researched each year, there are only 8 Scopus documents (2016-2023). The development of research related to the role of digital leadership in implementing digital transformation and organizational health with brain development or neuroscience is closely related, where in the business, management, and accounting spheres, there is a relationship between digitalization leadership style and the development of neuroscience. © 2024 Tim Pengembang Jurnal UPI.	Brain; Digital leadership; Digital transformational; Education; Neuroscience; Organizational health
Yao X.; Yu L.; Ke Y.; Jin L.; Wang W.	State-of-the-Art Research on Loess Microstructure Based on X-ray Computer Tomography	2024	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	10.3390/app14156402	Computer tomography (CT), combined with advanced image processing techniques, can be used to visualize the complex internal structures of living and non-living media in a non-destructive, intuitive, and precise manner in both two and three-dimensional spaces. Beyond its clinical uses, CT has been extensively employed within the field of geotechnical engineering to provide both qualitative and quantitative analyses of the microstructural properties of loess. This technology has been successfully applied in many fields. However, with the rapid development of CT technology and the expansion of its application scope, a reassessment is necessary. In recent years, only a few documents have attempted to organize and review the application cases of CT in the field of loess microstructure research. Therefore, the objectives of this work are as follows: (1) to briefly introduce the development process of CT equipment and the basic principles of CT and image processing; (2) to determine the current state and hotspots of CT technology research based on a bibliometric analysis of the literature from the past three decades in the Web of Science Core Collection and CNKI databases; and (3) to comprehensively review the application of CT to explore the microstructural characteristics (such as particle size, shape, arrangement, and the connectivity, orientation, and pore throats of pores, etc.) and the evolution of structural damage in loess within geotechnical science. In addition, the progress and deficiencies of CT applications in the field of loess microstructure are summarized, and future prospects are proposed. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; CT scan; image analysis and processing; loess; microstructure
Lewis-Lloyd C.A.; Lobo D.N.	A comparison of the top 500 papers in Clinical Nutrition ranked by citation and Altmetric Attention Scores	2024	Clinical Nutrition	10.1016/j.clnu.2024.06.021	Background and aims: Citation scores (CS) have been traditionally used to measure the impact of scientific publications. Sourced from the Internet, Altmetric Attention Scores (AAS) are complementary metrics that assess how often publications are discussed and used globally. We compared by rank the top 500 papers by CS and AAS published in Clinical Nutrition with corresponding AAS and CS. Methods: A search for all publications in Clinical Nutrition was performed on Dimensions (https://app.dimensions.ai/discover/publication) on 3rd April 2024. Outputs were ranked according to CS and then by AAS with the top 500 in each category selected. Scores, year and type of publication were recorded. Correlation was expressed as the Spearman's rank coefficient (ϱ). Results: We identified 18,790 outputs. Within the top 500 publications ranked by CS, there was a significant weak positive correlation (ϱ = 0.235, P < 0.0001) between CS [median (IQR) 149 (116–223)] and AAS [7 (3–22)]. Ranked by AAS, there was a non-significant very weak positive correlation (ϱ = 0.072, P = 0.106) between AAS [55.5 (36–115)] and CS [42 (16.5–94.5)]. Trends remained similar when grouped by publication type. Guidelines, ranked by CS, had the highest CS and ranked by AAS, the highest CS and AAS. Publications per year, by year, ranked by CS, had a negatively skewed distribution peaking in 2012 and declined thereafter, but when ranked by AAS, had a moderately positive linear trend from 2001 to 2024 (ϱ = 0.513, P < 0.0001). Conclusion: Correlation between CS and AAS was weak. Guidelines had the highest CS and AAS. CS are iterative taking years to mature while AAS are immediate. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism	Altmetric attention scores; Altmetrics; Citation scores; Clinical nutrition; Scientific publications
Song Z.; Zhang S.; Pan H.; Hu B.; Liu X.; Cui J.; Zhang L.	Global research trends on the links between NfL and neurological disorders: A bibliometric analysis and review	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34720	Background: The global incidence of neurological diseases has been on the rise, creating an urgent need for a validated marker. Neurofilament Light Chain (NfL) holds promise as such a marker and has garnered significant attention in the field of neurological diseases over the past decades. Methods: Corresponding articles from 2013 to 2023 were collected from the Web of Science database, and data were analyzed by CiteSpace and VOSviewer software. Results: A total of 1350 articles were collected from 296 countries/regions, involving 7246 research organizations. Since 2013, among the top ten institutions and authors with the highest number of published papers, the most are from the US and the UK. The United States leads in the number of published papers, but England holds a more momentous position, because it has higher IF. Henrik Zetterberg is the most influential scholar in the field. Conclusions: The output of papers mainly relies on researchers from developed countries, and scholars from the United States and England have contributed the largest number of papers. Until now, the importance of NfL in neurological diseases has attracted global attention. In addition, NfL contributes to the potential diagnosis of various neurological disorders and can be used to improve the accuracy of differential diagnosis and prognostic assessment as well as predict the response to treatments. More and more in-depth studies are highly needed in the future. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Biomarkers; Neurologic diseases; NfL; Visualization
Makam R.M.M.; Wan Omar W.N.N.; Ahmad D.A.B.J.; Nor N.U.M.; Shamjuddin A.; Amin N.A.S.	The potential of carboxylmethyl cellulose from empty fruit bunch as versatile material in food coating: A review	2024	Carbohydrate Polymers	10.1016/j.carbpol.2024.122194	The rising demand for food packaging has led to a growing interest in sustainable and eco-friendly food coatings. Carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC), being a versatile cellulose derivative produced from various lignocellulosic sources, has emerged in edible food coatings. This review evaluates the research trends on CMC production from empty fruit bunch (EFB) as a potential edible food coating material by systematic review approach. It explores sustainable pre-treatment for green cellulose and different CMC synthesis methods. The review compares CMC-based coatings to other materials, focusing on formulation processes, coating quality, safety, and commercial feasibility. The bibliometric analysis is performed to correlate food coating and CMC. As a result, the study discovered the rapid growth in research on edible food coatings made from CMC for various food industry applications. The green approach such as ozone pre-treatment appear as promising method for cellulose isolation from EFB to be used as raw material for CMC. The synthesis conditions of the treatment would affect the CMC characteristics and usage. Herein, utilizing CMC from cellulose EFB in coating formulation and on coated food shows different benefits. This review provides a road map for future research with potential to make important contributions to the food industry's long-term evolution. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Carboxymethyl cellulose; Edible food coating; Empty fruit bunch; Ozonolysis treatment
Li X.; Wei C.; Gao X.; Sun J.; Yang J.	Global trends in the research on older population dizziness/vertigo: a 20-year bibliometric and visualization analysis	2024	Brazilian Journal of Otorhinolaryngology	10.1016/j.bjorl.2024.101441	Objective: Dizziness or vertigo in older population frequently presents in clinical settings, yet its etiology remains elusive. The objective of this study was to delineate global trends and identify frontiers in research concerning dizziness or vertigo among older population. Methods: We searched the research literature published from 2003 to 2022 on older population with dizziness or vertigo using two databases from the Web of Science Core Collection. A bibliometric and visualization analysis was conducted. Bibliometric tools facilitated co-authorship, co-citation, and keyword co-occurrence analyses, encompassing countries or regions, institutions, authors, journals, and references. Results: The analysis included 1322 publications authored by 6524 individuals from 2244 institutions across 67 countries or regions, spanning 92 subject categories. A steady increase in publications was noted from 2003 to 2022. The University of Munich, Harvard University, and the University of California System emerged as leading institutions with the highest publication outputs. The United States, Germany, and China were predominant in publication counts. Eva Grill was identified as the most prolific author. Otology & Neurotology and Geriatrics & Gerontology emerged as the most prolific journal and subject category, respectively. The most prevalent keywords were “dizziness”, “vertigo”, “falls”, and “geriatric”, with “management”, “gait”, and “association” recognized as the principal research hotspots. Conclusion: This study provides a systematic analysis of global scientific research on older population dizziness/vertigo, revealing significant advancements in understanding over the past two decades. Management, gait, and association have emerged as the primary research focuses on recent years. These findings offer valuable insights for directing current research efforts to capture prevailing trends and explore new frontiers in this field. © 2024 Associação Brasileira de Otorrinolaringologia e Cirurgia Cérvico-Facial	Dizziness; Global trends; Older population; Vertigo; Visual analysis
Martínez-Falcó J.; Sánchez-García E.; Marco-Lajara B.; Millán-Tudela L.A.	Analysis of the scientific knowledge structure on automation in the wine industry: a bibliometric and systematic review	2024	European Food Research and Technology	10.1007/s00217-024-04553-5	The objective of this research is to analyze the knowledge structure of the academic literature indexed in the Core Collection of the Web of Science on automation in the wine industry, from the first registered article in 1996 to 2022, in order to identify the latest trends in the study of this subject. A bibliometric and systematic analysis of the literature was carried out. First, for the quantitative analysis of the scientific production, the bibliometric study was conducted, using the WoS database for data collection and the VosViewer and Bibliometrix applications to create the network maps. Second, once the literature had been examined quantitatively, content analysis was undertaken using the PRISMA methodology. The results show, among other aspects, the uneven distribution of the examined scientific production from 1996 to 2022, that computer vision, data aggregation, life cycle assessment, precision viticulture, extreme learning machine and collaborative platforms are the major current keywords and the predominance of Spain and Italy in terms of scientific production in the field. There are various justifications which support the originality of this study. First, it contributes to the understanding of academic literature and the identification of the most recent trends in the study of automation in the wine industry. Second, to the best of our knowledge, no prior bibliometric studies have considered this topic. Third, this research evaluates the literature from the first record to the year 2022, thereby providing a comprehensive analysis of the scientific production. © The Author(s) 2024.	Automation; Bibliometric review; Knowledge structure; Systematic review; Wine industry
Morán-Mariños C.; Visconti-Lopez F.J.; Espiche C.; Llanos-Tejada F.; Villanueva-Villegas R.; Casanova-Mendoza R.; Bernal-Turpo C.	Research priorities and trends in pulmonary tuberculosis in Latin America: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34828	Tuberculosis (TB) poses a significant global public health challenge, particularly in developing countries. Over the years, scientific research has played a pivotal role in addressing this disease. In this study, we aimed to analyze and outline the trends in scientific output on TB and identify research priorities in Latin America (LA) from 1990 to 2021. Scientific production was analyzed, and the number of publications, financing sources, and journal characteristics were evaluated. Collaboration networks and keywords were visualized using mapping analysis with VOSviewer software. Research themes were prioritized by country based on co-occurrence frequency. In total, 4399 documents were identified, a significant trend was evident in the number of publications per year (R2 = 0.981), and research substantially contributed to the reduction of TB-related mortality (R2 = −0.876). Most publications were original articles (83.8 %). The International Journal of Tuberculosis and Lung Disease had the highest publication and citation rates per document. International collaboration was predominantly with the United States, France, and Canada. Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico had the highest number of publications and external collaborations. In LA, interest in researching studies related to treatment and diagnosis (32.5 %) was notably high, followed by epidemiology and screening (26.9 %). Among the 20 countries in LA, research priorities varied, with the highest emphasis on HIV/AIDS (14/20), epidemiology (9/20), anti-TB agents (6/20), and mortality (5/20). TB resistance was only considered a research priority in Brazil, Peru, and Haiti. Therefore, LA experienced significant growth in its scientific output, playing a crucial role in TB control. Strategic adaptation to the region's specific challenges was observed, particularly in HIV/AIDS coinfection, epidemiological studies, and drug resistance. This progress was achieved by outstanding international scientific collaboration. This holistic approach emphasizes the importance of research in the fight against TB in LA. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Health priorities; Latin America; Tuberculosis
Marignol L.; McMahon S.J.	Research Trends in the Study of the Relative Biological Effectiveness: A Bibliometric Study	2024	Radiation research	10.1667/RADE-24-00023.1.S1	The relative biological effectiveness is a mathematical quantity first defined in the 1950s. This has resulted in more than 4,000 scientific papers published to date. Yet defining the correct value of the RBE to use in clinical practice remains a challenge. A scientific analysis in the radiation research literature can provide an understanding of how this mathematical quantity has evolved. The purpose of this study is to investigate documents published since 1950 using bibliometric indicators and network visualization. This analysis seeks to provide an assessment of global research activities, key themes, and RBE research within the radiation-related field. It strives to highlight top-performing authors, organizations, and nations that have made major contributions to this research domain, as well as their interactions. The Scopus Collection was searched for articles and reviews pertaining to RBE in radiation research from 1950 through 2023. Scopus and Bibiometrix analytic tools were used to investigate the most productive countries, researchers, collaboration networks, journals, along with the citation analysis of references and keywords. A total of 4,632 documents were retrieved produced by authors originating from 71 countries. Publication trends could be separated in 20-year groupings beginning with slow accrual from 1950 to 1970, an early rise from 1970-1990, followed by a sharp increase in the years 1990s-2010s that matches the development of charged particle therapy in clinics worldwide and opened discussion on the true value of the RBE in proton beam therapy. Since the 2010s, a steady 200 papers, on average, have been published per year. The United States produced the most publications overall (N = 1,378) and Radiation Research was the most likely journal to have published articles related to the RBE (606 publications during this period). J. Debus was the most prolific author (112 contributions, with 2,900 citations). The RBE has captured the research interest of over 7,000 authors in the past decade alone. This study supports that notion that the growth of the body of evidence surrounding the RBE, which started 75 years ago, is far from reaching its end. Applications to medicine have continuously dominated the field, with physics competing with Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology for second place over the decades. Future research can be predicted to continue. © 2024 by Radiation Research Society. All rights of reproduction in any form reserved.	N/A
Flores-Cohaila J.A.; Bustamante-Ordoñez M.A.	Portfolios in medical education: A scientometric mapping of the research field; [Portafolios en educación médica: Un mapeo cientométrico del campo de investigación]	2024	Educacion Medica	10.1016/j.edumed.2024.100939	Introduction: Competency-based medical education (CBME) faces assessment challenges, necessitating tools to collect evidence across various domains and levels. Portfolios, a learner-driven collection of evidence enriched through reflective practices, have emerged as a solution. Despite their importance, the research field of portfolios in medical education lacks a structured approach. Hence, our aim was to analyze publications indexed in the Web of Science database from 1994 to 2022 related to portfolios in medical education. Material and methods: A scientometric mapping study was conducted using publications from the Web of Science database. The search strategy targeted articles or reviews on portfolios in medical education from 1994 to 2022. Data analysis involved performance analysis, conceptual structure analyses, thematic evolution analysis, and identification of emerging trends using bibliometric indicators and visualization tools. Results: There was an annual growth rate of 9.28% in publications related to portfolios in medical education. The United States, United Kingdom, and Netherlands emerged as the leading contributors. The themes identified included CBME, assessment, e-portfolios, professionalism, and lifelong learning. Thematic evolution analysis highlighted shifts in research, with portfolios initially supporting CBME and later being utilized for entrustable professional activities (EPAs). Conclusion: Portfolios have become integral to medical education, supporting CBME and facilitating the implementation of EPAs. The study underscores the need for expanded global research to enhance the generalizability and applicability of portfolios across diverse regions. Future research should focus on integrating portfolios more systematically into educational programs and exploring the integration of artificial intelligence to enhance decision-making processes based on portfolios. © 2024 The Author(s)	Assessment; Bibliometrics; Medical education; Portfolios
Jia B.; Chen J.; Luan Y.; Wang H.; Wei Y.; Hu Y.	Artificial intelligence and atrial fibrillation: A bibliometric analysis from 2013 to 2023	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e35067	Background: In the study of atrial fibrillation (AF), a prevalent cardiac arrhythmia, the utilization of artificial intelligence (AI) in diagnostic and therapeutic strategies holds the potential to address existing limitations. This research employs bibliometrics to objectively investigate research hotspots, development trends, and existing issues in the application of AI within the AF field, aiming to provide targeted recommendations for relevant researchers. Methods: Relevant publications on the application of AI in AF field were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database from 2013 to 2023. The bibliometric analysis was conducted by the R (4.2.2) “bibliometrix” package and VOSviewer(1.6.19). Results: Analysis of 912 publications reveals that the field of AI in AF is currently experiencing rapid development. The United States, China, and the United Kingdom have made outstanding contributions to this field. Acharya UR is a notable contributor and pioneer in the area. The following topics have been elucidated: AI's application in managing the risk of AF complications is a hot mature topic; AI-electrocardiograph for AF diagnosis and AI-assisted catheter ablation surgery are the emerging and booming topics; smart wearables for real-time AF monitoring and AI for individualized AF medication are niche and well-developed topics. Conclusion: This study offers comprehensive analysis of the origin, current status, and future trends of AI applications in AF, aiming to advance the development of the field. © 2024 The Authors	Artificial intelligence; Atrial fibrillation; Bibliometric analysis; Bibliometrix; Machine learning; VOSviewer
Tan I.J.; Sanabria B.; Parikh A.K.; Rao B.	A literature search of the top 100 cited papers in cutaneous lupus erythematosus	2024	Skin Research and Technology	10.1111/srt.13894	[No abstract available]	N/A
Díaz-Vallejo J.A.; Liscano Y.; Hernández M.D.M.; Cuji-Galarza W.D.; Contreras-Pizarro C.H.; Melo I.A.; González Correa C.H.; Jaimes Montaña I.C.; García Posada S.; García Arias D.; Rodriguez Gutierrez M.M.	Scientific Output by Latin American Women in Pediatric Surgical Sciences Over the Past 11 Years: A Bibliometric and Visual Analysis	2024	Journal of Pediatric Surgery	10.1016/j.jpedsurg.2024.03.052	Introduction: This academic article discusses the historical underrepresentation of female in science, with a focus on Latin America. It highlights the importance of both technical and non-technical skills in the medical-surgical field, particularly the role of research skills. The study aims to quantify and characterize the scientific output of Latin American female researchers over the past decade, providing insights into the challenges and opportunities in low and middle-income countries. Material and methods: A retrospective cross-sectional bibliometric study was conducted in 2023, focusing on pediatric surgical science journals in Scopus and PubMed. It assessed Latin American female participation, journal details, and interaction networks, using SPSS and Gephi software. The period analyzed was from January 2012 to December 2022. Results: Between 2012 and 2022, 727 articles with Latin authorship in pediatric surgery were analyzed across 304 journals. Of these, 63.69% had female co-authors. The majority were original articles (53.13%), with contributions from Brazil, Mexico, and Chile. Notable journals included the Journal of Pediatric Surgery and Child's Nervous System. Keywords like Laparoscopy and Cardiac surgery were common. A growth trend in female Latin American publications was observed, despite temporary declines. Conclusions: This study highlights a growing trend in Latin American females' scientific contributions to pediatric surgery from 2012 to 2022, although a gender gap persists. The research mainly consists of primary data studies, with a focus on Brazil and Mexico from public institutions. The Journal of Pediatric Surgery featured prominently, and common topics included Laparoscopy, Cardiac surgery, Liver transplant, Congenital heart defects, and COVID-19. Level of Evidence: IV. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Female; Latin America; Pediatric surgery; Publications; Research
Zhou S.; Wang W.; Zhu L.; Qiao Q.; Kang Y.	Deep-learning architecture for PM2.5 concentration prediction: A review	2024	Environmental Science and Ecotechnology	10.1016/j.ese.2024.100400	Accurately predicting the concentration of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) is crucial for evaluating air pollution levels and public exposure. Recent advancements have seen a significant rise in using deep learning (DL) models for forecasting PM2.5 concentrations. Nonetheless, there is a lack of unified and standardized frameworks for assessing the performance of DL-based PM2.5 prediction models. Here we extensively reviewed those DL-based hybrid models for forecasting PM2.5 levels according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. We examined the similarities and differences among various DL models in predicting PM2.5 by comparing their complexity and effectiveness. We categorized PM2.5 DL methodologies into seven types based on performance and application conditions, including four types of DL-based models and three types of hybrid learning models. Our research indicates that established deep learning architectures are commonly used and respected for their efficiency. However, many of these models often fall short in terms of innovation and interpretability. Conversely, models hybrid with traditional approaches, like deterministic and statistical models, exhibit high interpretability but compromise on accuracy and speed. Besides, hybrid DL models, representing the pinnacle of innovation among the studied models, encounter issues with interpretability. We introduce a novel three-dimensional evaluation framework, i.e., Dataset-Method-Experiment Standard (DMES) to unify and standardize the evaluation for PM2.5 predictions using DL models. This review provides a framework for future evaluations of DL-based models, which could inspire researchers to standardize DL model usage in PM2.5 prediction and improve the quality of related studies. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics analysis; Deep-learning based model; Evaluation framework; PM<sub>2.5</sub> concentration prediction
N/A	Editor’s Commentary	2024	Respiratory Care	N/A	[No abstract available]	N/A
Wang Z.; Wang T.; Zhang X.; Wang J.; Yang Y.; Sun Y.; Guo X.; Wu Q.; Nepovimova E.; Watson A.E.; Kuca K.	Biodiversity conservation in the context of climate change: Facing challenges and management strategies	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173377	Biodiversity conservation amidst the uncertainty of climate change presents unique challenges that necessitate precise management strategies. The study reported here was aimed at refining understanding of these challenges and to propose specific, actionable management strategies. Employing a quantitative literature analysis, we meticulously examined 1268 research articles from the Web of Science database between 2005 and 2023. Through Cite Spaces and VOS viewer software, we conducted a bibliometric analysis and thematic synthesis to pinpoint emerging trends, key themes, and the geographical distribution of research efforts. Our methodology involved identifying patterns within the data, such as frequency of keywords, co-authorship networks, and citation analysis, to discern the primary focus areas within the field. This approach allowed us to distinguish between research concentration areas, specifically highlighting a predominant interest in Environmental Sciences Ecology (67.59 %) and Biodiversity Conservation (22.63 %). The identification of adaptive management practices and ecosystem services maintenance are central themes in the research from 2005 to 2023. Moreover, challenges such as understanding phenological shifts, invasive species dynamics, and anthropogenic pressures critically impact biodiversity conservation efforts. Our findings underscore the urgent need for precise, data-driven decision-making processes in the face of these challenges. Addressing the gaps identified, our study proposes targeted solutions, including the establishment of germplasm banks for at-risk species, the development of advanced genomic and microclimate models, and scenario analysis to predict and mitigate future conservation challenges. These strategies are aimed at enhancing the resilience of biodiversity against the backdrop of climate change through integrated, evidence-based approaches. By leveraging the compiled and analyzed data, this study offers a foundational framework for future research and practical action in biodiversity conservation strategies, demonstrating a path forward through detailed analysis and specified solutions. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Biodiversity; Climate change; Conservation; Ecosystem service; Management
Song C.; Xiong D.-D.; He R.-Q.; Yong X.-Z.; Huang Z.-G.; Dang Y.-W.; Chen G.; Pang Y.-Y.; Zhao C.-Y.; Qu N.; Wei D.-M.	Bibliometric study of the application of the chicken embryo chorioallantoic membrane model in cancer research: the top 100 most cited articles	2024	Journal of Comparative Pathology	10.1016/j.jcpa.2024.07.001	The chicken embryo chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) model has played a crucial role in various aspects of cancer research. The purpose of this study is to help researchers clarify the research direction and prospects of the CAM model. A bibliometric analysis was conducted on the top 100 most cited articles on use of the CAM model in tumour research, retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database. Tools such as Bibliometrix, VOSviewer, CiteSpace and Excel were utilized for the visualization network analysis. The 100 articles analysed were mainly from the USA, China and European countries such as Germany and France. Tumour research involving CAM model experiments demonstrated reliability and scientific rigor (average citation count = 156.2). The analysis of keywords, topics and subject areas revealed that the applications of this model ranged from the biological characteristics of tumours to molecular mechanisms and signaling pathways, to recent developments in nanotechnology and clinical applications. Additionally, nude mouse experiments have been more frequently performed in recent years. We conclude that the CAM model is efficient, simple and cost-effective, and has irreplaceable value in various aspects of cancer research. In the future, the CAM model can further contribute to nanotechnology research. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	bibliometrics; chicken embryo chorioallantoic membrane model; development trends; tumour research
Wu S.; Cao F.; Sun Y.	Visual analysis of the development context and hot trend in healthy aging research in China and abroad; [国内外健康老龄化研究发展脉络及热点趋势可视化分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of Health Management	10.3760/cma.j.cn115624-20240104-00009	Objective To evaluate the development context and hot trends in healthy aging research in China and abroad with visual analysis. Methods Using “healthy aging” and “aging well” as search terms, relevant literatures in the field of healthy aging were retrieved in the databases of CNKI, WanFang, VIP, CBM, PubMed and Web of Science. The search period was from January 2004 to December 2023. Based on the principle of bibliometrics, with the help of visualization analysis software such as CiteSpace and VOS viewer, the scientific knowledge map was drawn for the number of relevant research publications, author cooperation, publishing institutions, research hotspots and trends. Results A total of 1 322 Chinese articles and 2 569 English articles were included, and the number of articles published in Chinese and English showed an upward trend as a whole. The Chinese literature included 2 381 scholars, with 83 core authors. The top three most published authors were Hu Zhi (14 articles), Qin Xia (13 articles) and Lu Jiehua (10 articles). The English literature contained 13 989 scholars with close communication and cooperation, of which there are 391 core authors; among the top 15 authors, 8 are American scholars. The top 3 institutions in terms of Chinese literature volume were Peking University (38 articles), Fudan University (20 articles) and Anhui Medical University (20 articles), while the top 3 institutions in English literature volume were University of Pittsburgh (127 articles), University College London (79 articles) and University of Sydney (78 articles). A total of 605 keywords were included in Chinese literatures, and there were 886 connections among the keywords of the literature. The keywords appeared most frequently except subject words were medical and nursing combination (103 times), health status (78 times) and active aging (77 times). There were 11 clustering modules in Chinese literature cluster analysis and 6 clustering modules in English literature. The research on healthy aging in China could be roughly divided into three stages, namely 2004—2009, 2010—2018 and 2019—2023. In recent 4 years, the prominent words in Chinese literature were “aging work” “positive view of old age”“policy supply”“old-age service system”“elderly health service” and“aging society”，while the prominent words in English literature were “senescence”“perspective” and “public health”. Conclusions The popularity of healthy aging research is on the rise overall, and the number of articles and cooperative relations in English is higher than that in Chinese. At present, the main research hotspots are policy supply, elderly health services, public health and wide variation in China and abroad. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Atlas; Bibliometrics; Healthy aging; Research hotspots; The elderly
Konac A.; Orhan F.	Prominent themes in shoulder dystocia research A bibliometric and document-based analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038903	Background: This study aims to comprehensively examine the academic development of shoulder dystocia (SD) through bibliometric and document analysis and to identify topics that can guide future research. Methods: In this study, performance, co-citation, co-word, and document analyses were used as bibliometric analysis techniques. Results: The study identified 3 main themes in terms of the intellectual structure of Shoulder Dystocia (SD): “Management of SD, Risk Factors and Associated Complications,” “Clinical Practices, Birth Abnormalities and Effects of Complications,” and “Impact of Education, Clinical Maneuvers and Fetal Health Outcomes.” Co-occurrence analysis identified 4 significant themes: “Management and Clinical Practice of SD,” “Fetal Macrosomia and Risk Factors,” “Obstetric Maneuvers and Brachial Plexus Injury,” and “Clinical Trends and Risks in SD.” Additionally, ten consolidated themes were identified as a result of thematic coding analysis. Conclusion: Shoulder dystocia remains a critical component of obstetric practice. Themes such as training and simulation, risk factors, and technical and management approaches are consistently emphasized. Technological advances and studies on how machine learning techniques can be used effectively in this field reflect innovative approaches in the scientific literature. This analysis confirms that shoulder dystocia is a complex topic requiring a multidisciplinary approach and that research in this field is constantly evolving. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s)	co-citation analysis; co-occurrence analysis; consolidated themas; shoulder dystocia
Ying S.; Zhou F.; Sun Y.; Fang H.; Fang J.; Lin L.; Schmidt R.; Zhang S.; Wan Y.	An overview of the 56-year development route of broaching technology (1968–2023)	2024	Precision Engineering	10.1016/j.precisioneng.2024.06.012	Since 1968, as the demand for the broaching process has grown along with the availability of new materials, scientists and engineers have taken a keen interest in exploring the process's many scientific and technical challenges. In the last 56 years, people have been committed to solve the existing difficulties, mainly including the high stiffness and lightweight structure design of broaching machine, broaching technology of complex contour and fir-tree slot of difficult-to-machine materials for engines, green manufacturing technologies, workpiece surface monitoring in broaching processes, tool condition monitoring and life prediction, and so on. In this review, we focus specifically on the comprehensive development of broaching processes and equipment design over the past 56 years. We first review the basic principles of broaching and analyze the breakthrough progress in various research directions in broaching. In addition, we provide a detailed overview and discussion of broaching by keywords, year, country, journal, author and citation using bibliometric analysis for the first time. It is found that faced with the challenges in the field of broaching, researchers remain enthusiastic and have made significant contributions in areas such as process monitoring, equipment design, traditional broaching studies, and green manufacturing. It also gives new insights on the future development direction of broaching machine tools, i.e., in terms of future broaching high precision, intelligence, high efficiency and sustainability. We advocate for a deeper exploration of the broaching process and machine tool technology through extensive research, aiming to create expanded opportunities for scholars and engineers in this field. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric analysis; Broach; Broaching machine; Broaching process; Broaching tool
Reyes Domínguez D.; Infante Abreu M.B.; Parv A.L.	Main Trend Topics on Industry 4.0 in the Manufacturing Sector: A Bibliometric Review	2024	Applied Sciences (Switzerland)	10.3390/app14156450	The main objective of this research is to identify current trends in Industry 4.0 within the manufacturing sector through bibliometrics. A dataset of 1069 documents from 2020 to 2024 obtained from the Web of Science is processed. Using the R-Bibliometrix package, research trends, leading authors, and institutional contributions are identified. The accelerated growth rate of 30.77% in publications confirms research interest. Thematic exploration reveals the convergence of Industry 4.0 with sustainability, AI, the Internet of Things, smart manufacturing, and digitalization as dominant themes. The transition towards smarter and more efficient systems is evident, with an emphasis on integrating sustainability into Industry 4.0 practices. Challenges persist in management adjustment, technological integration, and strategy for digital transformation. The study identifies sustainability and machine learning as critical enabling factors for Industry 4.0, while security and collaboration have emerged as key focus areas in recent years. A wide geographic distribution of research contributions with substantial international cooperation is observed, highlighting India, Italy, and China. Major journals like Sustainability and Journal of Manufacturing Systems emerge as influential platforms for disseminating research on the topic. The analysis of citation networks, co-occurrence, and thematic evolution underscores the multidimensional impact of Industry 4.0 technologies on manufacturing. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; Bibliometrix; digital manufacturing; Industry 4.0; smart factories; Web of Science
Ding Y.; Liang L.; Guo Y.; Zhu B.	Bibliometric analysis of research on osteoarthritis and extracellular vesicles: Trends and frontiers	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e36127	Extensive research has made significant progress in exploring the potential application of extracellular vesicles (EV) in the diagnosis and treatment of osteoarthritis (OA). However, there is current a lack of study on bibliometrics. In this study, we completed a novel bibliometric analysis of EV research in OA over the past two decades. Specifically, we identified a total of 354 relevant publications obtained between January 1, 2003 and December 31, 2022. We also provided a description of the distribution information regarding the countries or regions of publication, institutions involved, journals, authors, citations, and keywords. The primary research focuses encompassed the role of extracellular vesicles in the diagnosis of OA, delivery of active ingredients, treatment strategies, and cartilage repair. These findings highlight the latest research frontiers and emerging areas, providing valuable insights for further investigations on the application of extracellular vesicles in the context of osteoarthritis. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Data visualization; Extracellular vesicles; Osteoarthritis; Research hotspot
Kaya M.; Erdoǧan Kaya A.; Eskin F.	Bibliometric analysis of scientific outputs on psychobiotics: Strengthening the food and mood connection	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039238	"The role of human microbiota in mental health and the underlying mechanisms of psychobiotics, which can modulate mood and behavior through the microbiota-gut-brain axis, has been a focus of scientific scrutiny. This work presents a bibliometric analysis to uncover research trends and insights in psychobiotics literature. The Clarivate Analytics Web of Science database served as the source for articles and reviews on psychobiotics spanning the years 2012 to 2023. Bibliometric network visualization and graphing were conducted using VOSviewer, Microsoft Excel for Windows 10, and Datawrapper software. A total of 348 publications were included, and it has been determined that the number of publications and citations shows an increasing trend from 2012 to 2023. The most active authors on psychobiotics, in order, were Dinan TG, Cryan JF, and Tsai YC. The most active organizations have been identified as University College Cork, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, and Bened Biomedical Co. Ltd. The most active countries in psychobiotic research were China, Ireland, and United States of America, while the most active journals were Nutrients, International Journal of Molecular Sciences, and Probiotics and Antimicrobial Proteins. The most commonly used keywords were ""psychobiotics,""""probiotics,""and ""gut-brain axis.""This bibliometric analysis has revealed the growing academic interest in psychobiotics, indicating that the relationship between gut microbiota and mental health will increasingly be supported by scientific evidence in the years ahead.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc."	bibliometric analysis; gut- brain axis; microbiota; probiotics; psychobiotics
Wang Y.; Wang Z.; Ali A.; Su J.; Huang T.; Hou C.; Li X.	Microbial-induced calcium precipitation: Bibliometric analysis, reaction mechanisms, mineralization types, and perspectives	2024	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2024.142762	Microbial-induced calcium precipitation (MICP) refers to the formation of calcium precipitates induced by mineralization during microbial metabolism. MICP has been widely used as an ecologically sustainable method in environmental, geotechnical, and construction fields. This article reviews the removal mechanisms of MICP for different contaminants in the field of water treatment. The nucleation pathway is explained at both extracellular and intracellular levels, with a focus on evaluating the contribution of extracellular polymers to MICP. The types of mineralization and the regulatory role of enzyme genes in the MICP process are innovatively summarized. Based on this, the environmental significance of MICP is illustrated, and the application prospects of calcium precipitation products are discussed. The research hotspots and development trends of MICP are analyzed by bibliometric methods, and the challenges and future directions of MICP technology are identified. This review aims to provide a theoretical basis for further understanding of the MICP phenomenon in water treatment and the effective removal of multiple pollutants, which will help researchers to find the breakthroughs and innovations in the existing technologies, with a view to making significant progress in MICP technology. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Enzyme gene regulation; Microbial-induced calcium precipitation; Mineralization types; Nucleation pathways; Removal mechanism; Water treatment
Hu S.; Zhong J.; Li Y.; Liu Z.; Gao X.; Xiong X.; Wang J.	Mapping the evolving trend of research on Class III malocclusion: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Clinical Oral Investigations	10.1007/s00784-024-05811-2	Objectives: This study aimed to provide visualized knowledge maps to show the evolving trends and key focal points of Class III malocclusion research through a comprehensive bibliometric analysis. Materials and methods: Class III malocclusion research published between 2000 and 2023 was retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection. VOSviewer was utilized to count the citation and publication number of authors, institutions, countries and journals. Co-occurrence, co-citation, and cluster analyses and burst detection were conducted using CiteSpace. Results: A total of 3,682 publications on Class III malocclusion were included in the bibliometric analysis. During 2000–2023, both the annual publication count and citation frequency exhibited a gradual upward trajectory, with a noticeable surge in recent years. In terms of production and citation counts of Class III malocclusion research, the core journal is the American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics. Furthermore, apart from the primary keyword ‘Class III malocclusion’, ‘orthognathic surgery’ was identified as keyword with the most frequency. The cluster analysis of cited references reveals that the research focal points have shifted to ‘skeletal anchorage’ and ‘surgery-first approach’. Furthermore, the burst detection identified ‘quality of life’ as a potential research hotspot since it has recently gained increasing scholarly attention. Conclusions: The current study provides scholars with the knowledge maps of evolving trends and prominent topics of Class III malocclusion research and a summary of research progress on various priorities during different periods. These findings are expected to provide a valuable guidance to facilitate the future research on Class III malocclusion. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometrics; Class III malocclusion; Orthodontics
Petermann-Rocha F.; Diaz-Toro F.; Valera-Gran D.; Navarrete-Muñoz E.-M.	Bibliometric analysis of research on sarcopenic obesity: a review of scientific literature	2024	Obesity Reviews	10.1111/obr.13784	Considering the current prevalence in obesity and sarcopenia globally, this study aimed to summarize the development of sarcopenic obesity research to establish the topic's past, present, and future research direction using a bibliometric analysis. A comprehensive search for publications on sarcopenia and obesity was conducted in the Web of Science (WoS) database until the 31st of December 2023. We performed a detailed descriptive analysis, considering metrics like sources, authors, and documents, along with analyzing conceptual and social structures to map sarcopenic obesity research. Between 1993 and 2023, there were 4978 publications on sarcopenic obesity, representing 22.6% of the whole sarcopenia research (22070). Most published articles were originals (74.6%), and one of the highest increments in the fields was seen after 2010. The most significant contribution in this research area falls under the categories of Nutrition & Dietetics, Gerontology, and Geriatrics & Gerontology. Among regions, scientific production was located in 93 different countries. The United States, China, and South Korea had the highest contributions. The most relevant keywords were sarcopenia, obesity, and body composition. Research on sarcopenic obesity primarily focuses on epidemiology and identifying risk factors and outcome predictors. Yet, there is a shortage of research addressing prevention, early detection, and treatments to enhance the health of individuals with sarcopenia. © 2024 The Author(s). Obesity Reviews published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of World Obesity Federation.	adiposity; obesity; sarcopenia; sarcopenic obesity
Brown D.; Tokede O.; Li H.X.; Edwards D.	A systematic review of barriers to implementing net zero energy buildings in Australia	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142910	Building operations use 45% of the total energy in Australia, and Net-Zero Energy Buildings (NZEBs) are instrumental in achieving net zero emissions by 2050. However, research reveals that various factors hinder NZEB adoption in Australia, and it is imperative to contextualise the barriers, thereby highlighting clear gaps that can be addressed to enhance the implementation of NZEB in Australia. This study presents a systematic literature review and bibliometric analysis to examine the barriers that hinder the implementation of NZEB contextualised within the Australian building industry. The paper's novelty resides in its contextualisation of barriers to NZEB thereby highlighting clear gaps that can be addressed to enhance the implementation of NZEB in Australia. Emergent results reveal the most impactful barriers experienced and the inter-relatedness between barriers and their effects on each other. These identified barriers are also compared with comparable countries, including the UK, China, Italy and the US. New insight and knowledge acquired provide a basis for assessing potential solutions to the main barriers. Findings show that a lack of knowledge, climate issues, and cost issues, in addition to government policy factors, are considered primary barriers encountered by the industry, hindering the achievement of NZEBs. It is imperative that future studies and initiatives counteract these impacts to realise a better implementation of NZEB in the Australian context. © 2024 The Authors	Barriers; Bibliometric analysis; Climate issues; Net-zero energy buildings
Li T.-H.; Li Z.-M.; Yu N.-Z.; Huang J.-Z.; Long X.	Global and Latest Hotspots of Female Genital Plastic Surgery in the Past 20 Years: A Bibliometric and Visualized Review	2024	Annals of Plastic Surgery	10.1097/SAP.0000000000003967	"Background An increasing number of surgical and nonsurgical interventions are available in the field of female genital plastic surgery. The rate of female genital plastic surgery has increased by nearly 220 percent over the past 5 years. Despite several studies on the topic, no relevant bibliometric analysis has been conducted. Methods We searched the Web of Science Core Collection for articles related to female genital plastic surgery. CiteSpace 6.1.R2 (Drexel University, USA) and VOSviewer 1.6.10.0 (Leiden University, the Netherlands) were used, and national distribution, institutions, journals, authors, and key words were analyzed and calculated. Results From 2003 to 2022, 1299 papers in the field of female genital plastic surgery were retrieved. There were more articles produced in the United States, and there were also two institutions in the Netherlands that were highly productive. A wide and close relationship has been established between researchers and institutions conducting female genital plastic surgery. Professor Bouman MB published the most articles on female genital plastic surgery in the Journal of Sexual Medicine. Female genital plastic surgery dominated the top 10 references with the highest local citation score. There were four clusters of key words with the most citations, and the most recently trending key words were ""vaginal agenesis,""""transgender,""and ""congenital adrenal hyperplasia.""Conclusions The purpose of this article is to provide a summary of the current research status focusing on female genital plastic surgery. It is hoped that more efforts will be made to promote the development of female genital plastic surgery in the future.  Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved."	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; hotspot; localized scleroderma; VOSviewer
Kumar A.; Agrawal G.	A review of research on entrepreneurship and crowdfunding: insights from bibliometric analysis	2024	Kybernetes	10.1108/K-10-2022-1363	Purpose: The aim of the study is to examine the role of crowdfunding in entrepreneurial development with the help of a systematic review of the literature and bibliometric analysis. Design/methodology/approach: The present research employed bibliometric analysis to study collected data from the database. Using proper keywords, data was retrieved from Scopus. With the scaler and analytical method of bibliometric analysis, the research attempts to answer the following questions, including prominent journals, authors, keywords and cluster analysis based on keyword occurrence. The mapping/networking chart is created using the VOSviewer software. Findings: The result of the study suggests that it is an attractive and emerging phenomenon for academicians. The most papers were published in 2021, Small Business Economics and California Management Review are the most prolific journals, while Vismara S is the most significant author with 4 publications and 488 citations. Short JC, School of Management, Royal Holland and USA collaborate most. Cluster analysis of the study will help the future researcher to broaden the existing literature utilising the distinct topics. Research limitations/implications: This research aids entrepreneurs, academia, crowdfunding practitioners and policymakers in identifying application areas for crowdfunding. In conclusion, crowdfunding will enhance the entrepreneurial ecosystem. Originality/value: This study elaborates the significance of crowdfunding in the development of entrepreneurship, using SLR and bibliometric analysis. The study findings identified crowdfunding's usage, applications and potential future research areas, as well as evaluated, reviewed and assessed their significance in entrepreneurial development. The theme-based cluster was determined based on the frequency of occurrence of the keywords. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; Business system; Crowdfunding; Entrepreneurial finance; Entrepreneurship; Financial system; Information technology; Innovation; Social network; VOSviewer
Xing Y.; Yasinjan F.; Sun S.; Yang J.; Du Y.; Zhang H.; Liang Y.; Geng H.; Wang Y.; Sun J.; Yu Z.; Kalvakolanu D.V.; Jiang W.; Zhang L.; Fan K.; Guo B.	Nanozyme-based cancer theranostics: A scientometric analysis and comprehensive review	2024	Nano Today	10.1016/j.nantod.2024.102386	Nanozymes, possessing enzyme-like characteristics, have emerged as valuable nanomaterials in biomedical applications owing to their advantages over natural enzymes. Since nanozymes exhibit several vital and excellent catalysis activities to mediate multiple oxidation-reduction reactions that can further induce changes of cancer cells and tumor microenvironment, their applications in cancer theranostics have attracted widespread attention. Thus, this scientometric analysis aims to offer a comprehensive overview of the advancements and burgeoning trends in this field. The comprehensive assessment of scientometric analysis encompasses focal areas of inquiry, emergent research paradigms, and bibliometric profiles. The study analyzes the annual distribution of publications and citations, the geographical distribution across countries and institutions, categorizations by subject matter, contributions from academic journals, authorship patterns, and cited references. Drawing upon the findings of our scientometric evaluation coupled with an integrative review of pertinent contemporary literature, comprehensive analyses of this domain have been executed. First, the classification of nanozymes used in cancer diagnosis and treatment is reviewed. Succeeding that, various nanozyme-based approaches for both in vitro and in vivo cancer detection are outlined, supplemented by relevant examples. Subsequently, distinct nanozyme-based treatment strategies are delineated, including catalytic activity-based strategies, such as ROS generation, GSH depletion, starvation therapy, oxygen supply, and TME remodeling and immunogenic cell death, and nanostructure-based non-catalytic strategies, such as drug delivery, photodynamic and sonodynamic effects, photothermal and magnetic hyperthermia effects, prodrug activation, and ion imbalance. Finally, seven prevalent treatment modalities (catalytic therapy combined with chemodynamic therapy, immunotherapy, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, photothermal therapy or magnetic hyperthermia therapy, photodynamic therapy, and sonodynamic therapy) are categorized and elaborated on. In conclusion, this comprehensive review aims to inspire innovative research endeavors in related domains and accelerate progress in nanozyme-mediated cancer diagnostics and therapeutics. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Cancer; Diagnosis; Nanozyme; Scientometric analysis; Treatment
Xiaoxiang Q.; Junjia Y.; Haron N.A.; Alias A.H.; Law T.H.; Abu Bakar N.	Status, Challenges and Future Directions in the Evaluation of Net-Zero Energy Building Retrofits: A Bibliometrics-Based Systematic Review	2024	Energies	10.3390/en17153826	Net-zero energy building (NZEB), an initiative to address energy conservation and emission reduction, has received widespread attention worldwide. This study aims to systematically explore recent challenges in NZEB retrofit research through a mixed-method approach and provide recommendations and future directions. A review of 106 documents (2020–2024) retrieved from the Web of Science and Scopus databases found that the globalization of NZEB retrofit research is unstoppable. Assessment methods are diverse, ranging from modeling energy efficiency (using different software such as DesignBuilder 7.0, PVsyst 7.4, EnergyPlus 24.1.0, etc.) to multi-attribute decision-making methods (e.g., DEMATEL-AHP/ANP-VIKOR) and comparative analysis. Current assessment metrics are dominated by economic benefits (e.g., net present value, dynamic payback period, and total operating cost) and energy consumption (e.g., electricity consumption and generation), with less consideration of environmental impacts (e.g., carbon reduction), as well as comfort (e.g., thermal comfort and indoor comfort). The study found that current challenges mainly include “Low economic feasibility of retrofitting”, “Building retrofit energy code irrationality”, and “Insufficient understanding, communication, and trust between stakeholders”. To overcome these challenges, the study also proposes a framework of strategies to address them, including (1) maximizing natural space, (2) introducing a tenant equity system, (3) upgrading waste management, (4) strengthening energy monitoring, (5) establishing complete life cycle mechanisms, (6) providing systemic solutions; (7) promoting the use of low-carbon building materials, and (8) increasing policy support. © 2024 by the authors.	applied science; bibliometric analysis; net zero energy building; renewable energy; retrofit challenges; Scopus; sustainability; systematic review; Web of Science
Wang S.; Cao Y.; Li Y.; Lu N.; Xia D.; Chen A.	The role of macrophage polarization in the osteogenesis of nanomaterials: A bibliometric study	2024	Materials Today Communications	10.1016/j.mtcomm.2024.109909	Objective: In recent years, with the development of nanotechnology and related disciplines, researchers have conducted much research on the use of nanomaterials for bone regeneration. Our research aims to summarize the application of nanomaterials in the field of bone repair and guide future research directions in this field. Methods: We summarised all publications in this field in the WoS database, and visual analysis was carried out via bibliometric methods. Based on the above results, we conducted a more in-depth study on the core of this nanomaterial and bone repair. Results: The number of publications in this field is increasing annually, with China and the United States contributing the most. Close cooperation between countries guarantees research quality in this field, and interactions between disciplines, especially between materials, biology, physics and chemistry, are also important. Most importantly, in terms of the research focus in this field, we found that macrophage polarization and the immune response are the focus of future research. The polarization of M2 macrophages is the most important area of research. Conclusion: The amount of research on nanomaterials in the field of bone repair will continue to increase, and this study investigated the role of M2 macrophages via in-depth analysis. Our study will guide the research direction of nanomaterials in the field of bone repair to a large extent. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Bone repair; Immune response; Macrophage polarization; Nanomaterials; Osteoporosis
Schluchter H.; Schaden E.; Seeland U.	Sex-, gender-, and diversity-based analysis of the Intensive Care Medicine Journal’s most-cited articles of 2023	2024	Intensive Care Medicine	10.1007/s00134-024-07533-1	[No abstract available]	N/A
Sánchez-Jiménez R.; Guerrero-Castillo P.; Guerrero-Bote V.P.; Halevi G.; De-Moya-Anegón F.	Analysis of the distribution of authorship by gender in scientific output: A global perspective	2024	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2024.101556	This study presents a thorough examination of gendered scholarly contributions and impact from 2003 to 2023, encompassing details on 212,631,585 authorships indexed in Scopus. The analysis unveils promising advancements towards gender equity, demonstrating an increase in contributions from both genders, which indicates the trend towards a progressive and inclusive environment. These findings challenge an initial perception of male prolificacy. The positive trends extend to female-led research teams, highlighting a correlation between gender balance and leadership. This evolving landscape is reflected in the convergence of male and female authorship participation over time. A decline in citable papers suggests a narrowing of the productivity gap, which challenges gender disparities in impact metrics and emphasizes the multifaceted nature of scholarly excellence across genders. Our data and gender classification method also enables us to look into the country level in order to characterize gender distribution locally. Contrary to conventional assumptions, developing countries are exhibiting a pronounced evolution in female authorship rates. In summary, the study underscores the positive trends towards gender equity, advocating for sustained efforts to promote diversity and foster nuanced understanding in academia. © 2024 The Author(s)	Authorship; Bibliometrics; Countries; Gender; Gender assortativity; Publication; Research teams
Wang Y.; Wang H.; Yang Z.; Chen Y.; Wong D.W.-C.; Lam W.-K.	Research Trends on Astronaut Physical Training as Countermeasures: A Bibliometric Analysis from Past 30 Years	2024	Microgravity Science and Technology	10.1007/s12217-024-10124-w	Astronauts are exposed to microgravity-induced health problems in spaceflight missions. Countermeasures and physical exercises have received increasing attention and its current research trends and landscapes warranted investigation. We conducted a comprehensive bibliometric analysis on astronaut training/countermeasures using the available data from the Web of Science Core Collection database from 1992 to 2022 to summarize the research trends and identify future directions. A total of 1,520 relevant articles were identified. Annual publications of the field have been increased over the years with the emergence of new and effective countermeasures. ‘Microgravity’ was the centered hotspot surrounded by the topics included ‘spaceflight’, ‘hind leg hanging’, ‘simulated microgravity’, and ‘simulated weightlessness’. The top countries that produced the most publications included United States (726 articles), Germany (129 articles), and France (84 articles). The United States played a dominant role in the collaboration network with other countries. Meanwhile, NASA from the United States led the global collaborations and dominated the literature. Future research trend might lie on the design of physical training exercises to tackle the potential health problems on osteoporosis, muscle atrophy, and abnormality on the nervous and cardiovascular system; and artificial/simulated gravity with interdisciplinary sports countermeasure research on physiology, brain science, biomechanics, and aerospace medicine. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.	Citations; Network Analysis; Outputs; Physical Training; Space Exercises
D'Ambrosi R.; Kambhampati S.B.; Meena A.; Milinkovic D.D.; Abermann E.; Fink C.	The “Golden Age” of quadriceps tendon grafts for the anterior cruciate ligament: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of ISAKOS	10.1016/j.jisako.2024.03.007	Importance: Bibliometric research is a statistical analysis of publications to measure the scientific output in a specific field in order to highlight medical developments or knowledge gaps and to direct future scientific research. The quantity of orthopedic papers on the internet is astounding and is steadily growing as a result of recent advancements in technology and medicine. This is why choosing the right information is essential. Aim: The purpose of this study was to analyze the current literature for trends in publications regarding quadriceps tendon (QT) grafting of the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL). Evidence review: PubMed was searched on August 28, 2023. References were collected from PubMed, and trends were analyzed using this information. This search retrieved 405 articles regarding human and animal studies. We analyzed the top 10 authors and journals in terms of publication numbers, citation numbers, and citations per year. The PubMed-by-year feature was used to compare the number of publications regarding ACL reconstruction by quadriceps grafting with all publications in PubMed. Findings: The number of yearly publications averaged 10 or less up to 2018, starting from 1982 when the first paper on the QT was published. However, the number of publications increased from 2018. While the total number of publications on this topic was 405, 260 were published from 2018 alone. The number of citations was 8262 in total overall years. It is expected that the last five years' publications, especially those for the last year, will be low in number, as it takes time for citations to accrue. The journal Arthroscopy published the most articles on this topic, with 57 papers and 1884 citations, followed by the American Journal of Sports Medicine, with 39 articles and 1576 citations. The top three journals on this topic were Arthroscopy, American Journal of Sports Medicine, and Knee Surgery, Sports Traumatology, Arthroscopy. The most published author was Musahl V (with 24 articles), and the most cited author was Xerogeanes JW (with 570 citations). Conclusions and relevance: Global trend analysis suggests that research on anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with the quadriceps has significantly increased in the last 5 years and that the number of papers on this topic is increasing steadily. We found that the publications and citations are exhibiting a rising trend, Arthroscopy is the most impactful journal, and Musahl V is the most impactful author on the topic. Xerogeanes JW is the author with the most citations on the topic. The promising clinical results of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction with the QT have attracted the most research interest. Level of Evidence: Level IV. © 2024 The Author(s)	Anterior cruciate ligament; Arthroscopy; Bibliometric analysis; Knee; Quadriceps; Sports medicine
Alanzi T.; Ur Rehman S.; Khan M.A.; Istepanian R.S.H.	The evolution and mapping trends of mobile health (m-Health): a bibliometric analysis (1997–2023)	2024	mHealth	10.21037/mhealth-23-20	Background: Mobile health (m-Health) is widely acknowledged as a pivotal domain for improving global healthcare and driving its digital health transformation. Despite the vast amount of literature published in recent years, bibliometric studies on m-Health remain limited in scope and coverage. This study presents a comprehensive review of m-Health literature extracted from Scopus and PubMed databases, spanning the period from 1997 to 2023, including publications during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Methods: The combined Scopus and PubMed databases were used in this study. The search formula for the literature retrieval used the most appropriate and relevant keywords to m-Health. The bibliometric data importation, extraction and analysis of authors, titles, publication date, publication place, publisher, volume number, issue number, citation count, document type, author keywords, affiliation were all carried out using the ‘Biblioshiny’, ‘EndNote X9®’, ‘Microsoft Excel®’ and ‘Microsoft Access®’ software tools. Duplicate records were manually identified and removed. Visualization maps illustrating the recurrent keywords, collaboration patterns, and prolific publishing countries were generated using ‘VOSviewer®’. Results: A total of 37,470 (20,703 from Scopus and 16,767 from PubMed) publications were selected for the literature analysis. The results provided the definitive literature evidence on the origin of the concept of m-Health in 2003. Significant increase in the publications followed the global surge of smart phones usage in 2007, and the emergence of m-Health applications (Apps) and their global markets and ecosystems. The number of the publications peaked between 2013 and 2022 with most citations in 2022. There was noticeable spike in m-Health literature during the COVID-19 pandemic. The results also showed that most of the highly cited publications, leading institutions, and most prolific authors were predominantly from the developed countries. The USA has the highest number of publications followed by the UK, Australia, Germany, Canada and China, with most of the prolific authors originating from these countries. Conclusions: In conclusion, while there has been a remarkable increase in global m-Health publications since 2003, most of the impactful literature and publications in this area originated from selected countries in the developed world. The study indicates a significant disparity between the published literature from developed compared to the developing countries. Addressing this disparity, further bibliographical studies are required to address these and other literature gaps. © mHealth. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; digital health; Mobile health (m-Health); telemedicine
León A.G.-D.; Noyola-Pérez A.; Gil-Flores L.; Malhotra H.; Musteata V.; El-Beshlawy A.; Tadjoedin H.; Pavlovsky C.; Cortes J.	Bringing global hematology research to the forefront	2024	Blood Advances	10.1182/bloodadvances.2023011873	[No abstract available]	N/A
Ye L.; Yang Z.; Wang F.; Dan H.; Chen Q.; Wang J.; Zeng X.	Progress and trends in photodynamic therapy research in oral science: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Photodiagnosis and Photodynamic Therapy	10.1016/j.pdpdt.2024.104261	"Background: Photodynamic therapy is garnering increasing attention in oral science. Despite its promising potential, further exploration is warranted to delve into the research paradigms and evolving trends within oral science. Therefore, this study aimed to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of photodynamic therapy in oral science (PDTOS), investigating research landscapes, identifying key contributors, analyzing collaborative networks, pinpointing emerging research directions, and exploring factors influencing high citations. Methods: Research and review articles in PDTOS were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database up to December 31, 2023. The R package ""bibliometrix"" and VOSviewer were utilized for visualizing collaboration networks and keyword co-occurrence, alongside trend analysis. Negative binomial regression was used to model factors affecting citation counts. Results: A total of 2784 articles with significant international collaboration (23.14 %) were analyzed. Brazil, China, the USA, Iran, and Italy led in publications, with predominant USA-European collaborations. The University of Sao Paulo in Brazil was the most published institution in the field. Photodiagnosis and Photodynamic Therapy was the core journal in the field and has the highest number of publications. The main research fields included photodynamic therapy, antibacterial and anticancer treatment, management, and peri‑implant periodontitis, with a recent focus on peri‑implantitis. Factors such as international cooperation, funding, article age, type, author count, and references significantly influenced citations. Conclusions: This research provided valuable insights into PDTOS trends and knowledge structures. These findings underscored a significant increase in the number of PDTOS publications, urging strengthened international cooperation. Emerging research has focused on peri‑implantitis and nano-photosensitizer materials. Authors should consider various citation-related factors in their research endeavors. © 2024 The Author(s)"	Bibliometric analysis; Future prospects; Lasers; Oral science; Photodynamic therapy; Research progress
Klarin A.; Xiao Q.	Automation in architecture, engineering and construction: a scientometric analysis and implications for management	2024	Engineering, Construction and Architectural Management	10.1108/ECAM-08-2022-0770	Purpose: Many economic, political and socio-cultural events in the 2020s have been strong headwinds for architecture, engineering and construction (AEC). Nevertheless, technological advancements (e.g. artificial intelligence (AI), big data and robotics) provide promising avenues for the development of AEC. This study aims to map the state of the literature on automation in AEC and thereby be of value not only to those researching automation and its composition of a variety of distinct technological and system classes within AEC, but also to practitioners and policymakers in shaping the future of AEC. Design/methodology/approach: This review adopts scientometric methods, which have been effective in the research of large intra and interdisciplinary domains in the past decades. The full dataset consists of 1,871 articles on automation in AEC. Findings: This overarching scientometric review offers three interdisciplinary streams of research: technological frontiers, project monitoring and applied research in AEC. To support the scientometric analysis, the authors offer a critical integrative review of the literature to proffer a multilevel, multistage framework of automation in AEC, which demonstrates an abundance of technological paradigm discussions and the inherent need for a holistic managerial approach to automation in AEC. Originality/value: The authors underline employee well-being, business sustainability and social growth outcomes of automation and provide several managerial implications, such as the strategic management approach, ethical management view and human resource management perspective. In doing so, the authors seek to respond to the Sustainable Development Goals proposed by the United Nations as this becomes more prevalent for the industry and all levels of society in general. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Artificial intelligence; Automation; Bibliometrics; Construction engineering and management; Managerial implications; Scientometrics; Systematic literature review
Teixeira da Silva J.A.	Bibliometric assessment of three retracted papers related to the abortion pill (mifepristone)	2024	Contraception	10.1016/j.contraception.2024.110477	[No abstract available]	N/A
Hübscher C.; Hensel-Börner S.; Henseler J.	Marketing education for sustainable development	2024	Spanish Journal of Marketing - ESIC	10.1108/SJME-06-2022-0131	Purpose: Given the pressing global challenges underpinning the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, marketing managers can no longer focus only on purely economic outcomes but must simultaneously respond to social and environmental concerns. This requires the teaching of new competencies in marketing education, as also reflected in today’s accreditation requirements for business schools. Therefore, this paper aims to explore how current research into marketing education incorporates sustainable development. Design/methodology/approach: Through a bibliometric literature review – examining 71 publications using the bibliographic coupling method – the current research front in marketing education is analysed. Findings: This paper identifies seven trending topics in marketing education research that both highlight a currently prevalent sustainability gap in marketing education research and – when combined into a framework – help marketing education researchers and educators to address this gap. Originality/value: This paper extends the already established concept of education for sustainable development to include the concept of marketing education for sustainable development (MESD) for the first time. The MESD framework combines its raison d’être with guidance on how sustainable development should be taught and what the learning objectives should be for future marketing managers. © 2023, Chiara Hübscher, Susanne Hensel-Börner and Jörg Henseler.	Bibliometrics; Competencies; Marketing education; SDGs; Sustainable development
Lee Chin T.; Lee Chee T.	Organizational learning capability: A bibliometric and content analysis based on Scopus data (1978-2023)	2024	Human Systems Management	10.3233/HSM-230203	BACKGROUND: Organizational learning capability research has been gaining more attention. OBJECTIVE: Specifically, this paper examines annual trend publication, active journals, authors, institutions, nations, keywords, citation pattern and top cited articles over the past 45 years. It decides the frequent organizational learning capability topics and highlights future research directions. METHODS: A bibliometric was performed on 149 papers published between 1978-2023 from the Scopus database. A content analysis was also performed. RESULTS: Publication trends have exhibited growth over time. Learning Organization and Industrial Marketing Management are two key journals that publish organizational learning capability. Publications are contributed by Chiva, R. and Alerge, J. Universidad Jaume I and Universitat de València are the two main institutions that exert the influence over the publication. Spain has been contributing more publications. Citations pattern analysis revealed 158.78 citations per year and 7145 citations for 149 papers. Sixthly, publications use keywords such as 'organizational learning', 'innovation'. Both highly cited articles accumulated 442 citations. CONCLUSIONS: The findings are useful for policy-makers seeking reference and evidence to guide them in designing organizational learning capability policies, implementing management actions and programs.  © 2024 - IOS Press. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric; content analysis; organizational learning capability; SDG goal 8
Singh N.; Pandey R.; Gupta R.; Biswas B.; Gupta S.	Reverse knowledge transfer: making sense of two decades of academic research	2024	VINE Journal of Information and Knowledge Management Systems	10.1108/VJIKMS-08-2021-0155	Purpose: This study aims to synthesize extant literature on the concept of reverse knowledge transfer (RKT) built up over the past two decades with the help of bibliometric analyssis and also to suggest promising new areas for research in this field. Design/methodology/approach: The study adopts a literature review methodology combined with bibliometric and network analysis based on 117 papers identified from the Scopus database. In particular, this study has tried to identify and capture themes not previously fully captured or evaluated by other reviews on this topic. Findings: The authors have identified research themes and research gaps in the area of RKT. Overall, the review shows the main outlets that have published papers on RKT and the theoretical background this research is built on. This study exhibits core themes in this area that have persisted and grown consistently such as the subsidiary’s role in RKT. In addition, the review highlights less researched themes such as role of boundary spanning in RKT, which open exciting avenues for new research opportunities. Research limitations/implications: This study finds that RKT research has experienced remarkable growth from a complete viewpoint in recent years. There was a surge in publications in the area from 2008 onwards, and many of its influential papers seemed to have been published between 2013 and 2018. Prominent themes in this body of research have been identified and potential for future studies has been explored. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first study to map, synthesize and discuss the literature concerning RKT. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; Co-citation; International knowledge transfer; Knowledge spillover; Reverse knowledge transfer
Viveiros M.D.; Kaffenberger J.	K-Means clustering of dermatology journals: comparing the distribution of “free-to-publish” and “pay-to-publish” models	2024	Archives of Dermatological Research	10.1007/s00403-024-03105-x	This study investigates the impact of Free-to-Publish (F2P) versus Pay-to-Publish (P2P) models in dermatology journals, focusing on their differences in terms of journal metrics, Article Processing Charges (APCs), and Open Access (OA) status. Utilizing k-means clustering, the research evaluates dermatology journals based on SCImago Journal Rankings (SJR), H-Index, and Impact Factor (IF), and examines the correlation between these metrics, APCs, and OA status (Full or Hybrid). Data from the SCImago Journal Rank and Journal Citation Report databases were used, and metrics from 106 journals were normalized and grouped into three tiers. The study reveals a higher proportion of F2P journals, especially in higher-tier journals, indicating a preference for quality-driven research acceptance. Conversely, a rising proportion of P2P journals in lower tiers suggests potential bias towards the ability to pay. This disparity poses challenges for researchers from less-funded institutions or those early in their careers. The study also finds significant differences in APCs between F2P and P2P journals, with hybrid OA being more common in F2P. Conclusively, the study highlights the disparities in dermatology journals between F2P and P2P models and underscores the need for further research into authorship demographics and institutional affiliations in these journals. It also establishes the effectiveness of k-means clustering as a standardized method for assessing journal quality, which can reduce reliance on potentially biased individual metrics. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	APC; Article processing charge; Clustering; Dermatology; Dermatology journal; Education; Free-to-publish; H-index; Impact factor; Journal; K-means; NIH funding; Open access; Pay-to-publish; Publication fee; Publication model; Research; SCImago journal rank
Abdelwahab S.I.; Taha M.M.E.; Albasheer O.; Alharbi A.; Ahmed A.A.; Abdelmola A.; Ali S.A.; El Hassan L.A.M.; Darraj M.; Mohamed A.H.; Yassin A.; Hakami N.	Tuberculosis research advances and future trends: A bibliometric knowledge mapping approach	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000039052	The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries are more vulnerable to many transmissible diseases, including tuberculosis (TB). This study is to identify the scientific publications related to TB in the GCC countries using topic modeling and co-word analysis. A bibliometric analytic study. The R-package, VOSviewer software, IBM SPPS, and Scopus Analytics were used to analyze performance, hotspots, knowledge structure, thematic evolution, trend topics, and inter-gulf and international cooperation on TB in the past 30 years (1993-2022). A total of 1999 publications associated with research on GCC-TB were published. The annual growth rate of documents was 7.76%. Saudi Arabia is the most highly published, followed by the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman, and Bahrain. The most-cited GC country is Kingdom Saudi Arabia, followed by Kuwait. One hundred sixty research institutions contributed to the dissemination of TB-related knowledge in the GCC, where the highest publishing organizations were King Saud University (Kingdom Saudi Arabia; n = 518). The number of publications related to TB is high in GCC Countries. The current tendencies indicated that GCC scholars are increasingly focused on deep learning, chest X-ray, molecular docking, comorbid covid-19, risk factors, and Mycobacterium bovis. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s).	bibliometric analysis; Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries; R Package; tuberculosis; VosViewer
Rezk H.; Olabi A.G.; Mahmoud M.; Wilberforce T.; Sayed E.T.	Metaheuristics and multi-criteria decision-making for renewable energy systems: Review, progress, bibliometric analysis, and contribution to the sustainable development pillars	2024	Ain Shams Engineering Journal	10.1016/j.asej.2024.102883	Achieving sustainable development goals requires integrating renewable energy systems (RESs) into our current energy infrastructure. However, sophisticated approaches are needed due to the complexity of decision-making. In the context of RESs, this study provides a thorough evaluation, progress report, bibliometric analysis, and assessment of metaheuristic algorithms and multi-criteria decision-making methodologies. Through an extensive review of academic literature, this study highlights the potential of metaheuristics to improve sustainable development decision-making processes by emphasizing important trends and developments. The study also examines how these approaches promote efficient resource allocation, reduce environmental impacts, and increase societal benefits to address the economic, social, and environmental pillars of sustainable development. The summary of results highlights the important roles that metaheuristics and multi-criteria decision-making play in effectively integrating and administrating RESs. © 2024 THE AUTHORS	Environmental impact; Metaheuristics; Multi-criteria decision-making; Renewable energy resources; Sustainable development
Rong Y.-F.; Liang X.-Z.; Jiang K.; Jia H.-F.; Li H.-Z.; Lu B.-W.; Li G.	Global Trends in Research of Programmed Cell Death in Osteoporosis: A Bibliometric and Visualized Analysis (2000–2023)	2024	Orthopaedic Surgery	10.1111/os.14133	Osteoporosis (OP) is a systemic metabolic bone disease that is characterized by decreased bone mineral density and microstructural damage to bone tissue. Recent studies have demonstrated significant advances in the research of programmed cell death (PCD) in OP. However, there is no bibliometric analysis in this research field. This study searched the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database for literature related to OP and PCD from 2000 to 2023. This study used VOSviewers 1.6.20, the “bibliometrix” R package, and CiteSpace (6.2.R3) for bibliometric and visualization analysis. A total of 2905 articles from 80 countries were included, with China and the United States leading the way. The number of publications related to PCD in OP is increasing year by year. The main research institutions are Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Chinese Medical University, Southern Medical University, Zhejiang University, and Soochow University. Bone is the most popular journal in the field of PCD in OP, and the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research is the most co-cited journal. These publications come from 14,801 authors, with Liu Zong-Ping, Yang Lei, Manolagas Stavros C, Zhang Wei, and Zhao Hong-Yan having published the most papers. Ronald S. Weinstein was co-cited most often. Oxidative stress and autophagy are the current research hot spots for PCD in OP. This bibliometric study provides the first comprehensive summary of trends and developments in PCD research in OP. This information identifies the most recent research frontiers and hot directions, which will provide a definitive reference for scholars studying PCD in OP. © 2024 The Author(s). Orthopaedic Surgery published by Tianjin Hospital and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.	Autophagy; Bibliometrix; Osteoporosis; Oxidative Stress; Programmed Cell Death
Villar A.; Paladini S.; Cossatis J.	Periodontal Disease and Alzheimer’s: Insights from a Systematic Literature Network Analysis	2024	Journal of Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease	10.14283/jpad.2024.79	This study investigated the relationship between periodontal disease (PD) and Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) through a Systematic Literature Network Analysis (SLNA), combining bibliometric analysis with a Systematic Literature Review (SLR). Analyzing 328 documents from 2000 to 2023, we utilized the Bibliometrix R-package for multiple bibliometric analysis. The SLR primarily centered on the 47 most globally cited papers, highlighting influential research. Our study reveals a positive correlation between Periodontal Disease (PD) and Alzheimer’s Disease (AD), grounded in both biological plausibility and a comprehensive review of the literature, yet the exact causal relationship remains a subject of ongoing scientific investigation. We conducted a detailed analysis of the two main pathways by which PD could contribute to brain inflammation: (a) the Inflammatory Cascade, and (b) Microbial Involvement. The results of our SLNA emphasize the importance of oral health in reducing Alzheimer’s risk, suggesting that managing periodontal health could be an integral part of Alzheimer’s prevention and treatment strategies. The insights from this SLNA pave the way for future research and clinical practices, underscoring the necessity of interdisciplinary methods in both the investigation and treatment of neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s. Furthermore, our study presents a prospective research roadmap to support ongoing advancement in this field. © The Authors, corrected publication 2024 2024.	Alzheimer Disease; bibliometrics; neurodegenerative diseases; oral health; periodontal disease
Walter S.; Murrell D.F.	Gender equity in academic dermatology: Problems aplenty, yet paths ahead	2024	Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology	10.1111/jdv.20027	Efforts to achieve gender equity of health professionals should be a priority in all fields of medicine, including academic dermatology. This review aimed, first, to summarize available evidence about the status of gender equity in various domains of academic dermatology—headship positions, salary, editor and editorial board appointments, publications, conference presentations, receipt of research grants and academic prizes—second, to identify challenges to achieving gender equity and, third, to articulate the components of a multifaceted strategy for gender parity. A variety of databases were searched. Manual searching of reference lists and searching of grey literature were also undertaken. It was found that, despite improvements in some domains, the gender inequity persists in all of the above-mentioned areas of academic dermatology. Challenges to achieve gender parity include time in pregnancy, disproportionate participation in childrearing and domestic tasks compared with men, suboptimal legislation in many jurisdictions for parenting and childcare leave, and unconscious biases about women. Elements of a multipronged approach include strengthening women's dermatology societies that advocate for women in academia; celebrating the careers of distinguished female academic dermatologists; mentoring; promoting leadership courses; striving for a greater representation of women among editors-in-chief, authors, and conference presenters, among others; seeking better pay, leave conditions and other work entitlements; conducting high-quality research about gender inequity in academic dermatology; imposing sanctions for violations of gender equity; supporting dermatologists' health; and learning from the experience of other fields of academic medicine. © 2024 The Authors. Journal of the European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Academy of Dermatology and Venereology.	N/A
Liu H.; Wang X.; Antwi-Afari M.F.; Mi H.-Y.; Liu C.	A state-of-the-art review of polyimide foams research	2024	Construction and Building Materials	10.1016/j.conbuildmat.2024.136961	Polyimide foams (PIFs), renowned as some of the best materials for excellent performance in harsh temperature environments, have been developed to meet the increasing demands of high-tech industries. A state-of-the-art review of advanced PIFs research was conducted, covering the general research profiles and trends, institutions and scholars, major journals, research categories, and application fields through a bibliometric analysis of publications.Research on polyimide-based foam has increased approximately 30-fold over the past 40 years. One hundred forty-two research institutions from 20 countries have conducted research related to PIFs. Literature co-citation analysis reveals that the knowledge base of the PIFs research field primarily focuses on chemical synthesis foaming. This spotlight on engineering applications systematically describes the synthesis mechanisms, various typical fabrication methods, and the microstructure of PIFs. The advantages and disadvantages of this methods have been compared. Representative functions and corresponding mechanism models, which include thermal, mechanical, sensing, electromagnetic, flame retardant, oil-water separation, and other fields, have been outlined. This review offers insights into the technological development prospects and opportunities. Finally, the arduous tasks and challenges of PIFs research are summarized, providing valuable guidance for researchers interested in this field. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Challenges; Engineering application; Foaming method; Polyimide foams
Oermann M.H.; Bailey H.E.; Carter-Templeton H.; Condy C.; Wrigley J.; Ledbetter L.S.	Bibliometric analysis of nursing education reviews	2024	Nurse Education Today	10.1016/j.nedt.2024.106217	Background: While the number of reviews of nursing education research has increased over the years, bibliometric studies about these reviews are limited. Objectives: The purposes were to: (1) examine the number of reviews of nursing education research published from 2018 through 2022, (2) identify journals publishing these reviews, (3) identify the types and topics of reviews in nursing education, and (4) analyze how these reviews are labeled (standard versus nonstandard). Design: This was a bibliometric study of reviews in nursing education. Methods: The search for reviews in nursing education was done using CINAHL Complete via the EBSCO host platform and was limited to articles published in peer reviewed journals. The results were imported into EndNote, and the title or abstract was used to identify the review type. The categorized reviews were then exported into Microsoft Excel. The titles and abstracts were searched to identify reviews in nursing education, resulting in 600 articles analyzed in this study. The topics of the reviews were identified via natural language processing techniques based on the Medical Subject Headings biomedical vocabulary in the manual tags with each article. Results: The number of reviews has steadily increased over the years. The top journal in which reviews were published was Nurse Education Today (n = 197). Nearly a quarter (n = 149, 24.8 %) of the reviews were integrative, followed by systematic (n = 117, 19.5 %), scoping (n = 117, 19.5 %), and literature (n = 85, 14.2 %). There were 12 main topics: most reviews were on simulation, followed by critical thinking methods and the academic achievement of nursing students. Conclusion: This study documented an increase in the number of reviews of nursing education research over the last five years. The most common type was an integrative review, followed by systematic, scoping, and literature. Reviews on simulation were most common. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Evidence synthesis; Integrative review; Nursing education research; Reviews of research
Chang H.-C.; Chiu T.-M.; Lee C.-Y.; Chen S.-J.; Liao W.-C.; Gau S.-Y.	Research trends in alopecia areata: a cross-sectional bibliometric analysis of the top cited studies	2024	Archives of Dermatological Research	10.1007/s00403-024-03092-z	In the field of alopecia areata research, various focuses including risk factors, epidemiology, molecular pathways, and treatment were constantly improving. However, to date, a bibliometric analysis summarizing the research trend is not available to date. The main objective of this study was to provide researchers with an overview of the research trend on alopecia areata in the past two decades. In Web of Science database, screening and extraction of studies related to alopecia areata has been performed. Within studies related to alopecia areata, the most cited 100 studies were appraised and the information of articles, including the citation amounts, keywords and publication types, was extracted for analyses. On average, each study in the top 100 list was cited 104.72 times. Within the top 100 list, the most focused fields were on the management of alopecia areata (34%), molecular mechanisms (28%) and epidemiological issues (23%). Approximately one third of the management-associated studies focused on Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors (10 studies) and 5 studies focused on the efficacy of corticosteroids for alopecia areata. According to the results of the keyword analysis, JAK inhibitors had become the most mentioned keywords in the field of alopecia areata research since 2016. The top 100 most referenced papers in the field of alopecia areata mostly focused on essential aspects such as treatment options, pathogenesis, risk factors, and comorbidities. The results of the current study could be considered a potential resource for future research and patient care information. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Alopecia areata; Bibliometric analysis; Dermatology; Immunology
Pensato R.; Al-Amer R.; La Padula S.	Adipose Tissue-Derived Stem Cells in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery: A Bibliometric Study	2024	Aesthetic Plastic Surgery	10.1007/s00266-023-03586-7	[No abstract available]	N/A
Santos-Silva A.R.; Pedroso C.M.; Gueiros L.A.M.; Ní Ríordáin R.; Kerr A.R.; Farag A.; Sollecito T.; Lodi G.	Mapping the legacy of the World Workshop on Oral Medicine: a 35-year global bibliometric analysis	2024	Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology and Oral Radiology	10.1016/j.oooo.2024.04.009	Objective: This study utilized bibliometric methodologies to explore the body of research presented at the World Workshop on Oral Medicine (WWOM) over the past 35 years. Methods: A systematic tracking of articles across 8 editions of WWOM was conducted using databases such as Web of Science, Scopus, and PubMed. Comprehensive bibliographic analysis and data visualization were executed through Bibliometrix, Rstudio, and VOSviewer, facilitating an in-depth examination of citation metrics and collaborative networks. Results: The investigation revealed that WWOM, held in 6 cities spanning four countries and addressing 33 distinct topics, demonstrated an annual citation growth rate of 8.29%, with an average of 49.31 citations per article. Notably, WWOM IV garnered the highest number of citations (1,342), reaching its peak in 2021 with 365 citations. Key contributors to the most-cited articles include Al-Hashimi, Dawes, and Syrjänen et al. Since its inception, the workshops have engaged 505 faculty members from 37 nations, with significant participation from the Americas and Europe, notably the United States and the United Kingdom, which also led in terms of publications. Network analysis delineated 6 country clusters, underscoring robust connections between the US and the UK. Co-authorship analysis revealed 18 clusters involving 267 authors. Conclusion: The influence of the WWOM on the field of oral medicine is clearly demonstrated by the outcomes of its publications, reflecting a collaborative effort to enhance comprehension and treatment modalities for patients with oral diseases. The study's findings provide insights into future research directions within the WWOM legacy. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Lorenz C.; Vitale E.; Hay-Mele B.; Arena C.	Plant growth promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR) application for coping with salinity and drought: a bibliometric network multi-analysis	2024	Plant Biology	10.1111/plb.13661	Rhizobacteria play a crucial role in plant growth and yield, stimulating primary production and improving stress resistance. Climate change has several consequences worldwide that affect arable land and agriculture. Studies on plant–soil–microorganism interactions to enhance plant productivity and/or resistance to abiotic stress may open new perspectives. This strategy aims to make agricultural-relevant plant species able to complete their biological cycle in extreme soils with the help of inoculated or primed plant growth-promoting rhizobacteria (PGPR). We provide an overview of the evolution of interest in PGPR research in the last 30 years through: (i) a quantitative search on the Scopus database; (ii) keyword frequencies and clustering analysis, and (iii) a keyword network and time-gradient analysis. The review of scientific literature on PGPR highlighted an increase in publications in the last 15 years, and a specific time gradient on subtopics, such as abiotic stresses. The rise in PGPR as a keyword co-occurring with salinity and drought stresses aligns with the growing number of papers from countries directly or partly affected by climate change. The study of PGPR, its features, and related applications will be a key challenge in the next decades, considering climate change effects on agriculture. The increased interest in PGPR leads to deeper knowledge focused specifically on researching agriculturally sustainable solutions for soils affected by salinity and drought. © 2024 Wiley-VCH GmbH. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	climate change; PGPR; salt stress; soil–plant interaction
Li X.; Su J.; Wang H.; Boczkaj G.; Mahlknecht J.; Singh S.V.; Wang C.	Bibliometric analysis of artificial intelligence in wastewater treatment: Current status, research progress, and future prospects	2024	Journal of Environmental Chemical Engineering	10.1016/j.jece.2024.113152	Wastewater treatment is an important topic for improving water quality and environmental protection, and artificial intelligence has become a powerful tool for wastewater treatment. This work provides research progress and a literature review of artificial intelligence applied to wastewater treatment based on the visualization of bibliometric tools. A total of 3460 publications from 2000 to 2023 were obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection database. The literature was analyzed from various aspects such as publications, journals, and authors. There are collaboration relationships among various countries, institutes, and authors. Keywords were analyzed in three directions “artificial intelligence”, “wastewater treatment technology”, and “pollutant types”. Hot keywords were identified, including “support vector machine”, “random forests”, “membrane bioreactor”, “photocatalytic degradation”, and “antibiotics”. Significant advancements were obtained in intelligent water quality monitoring, innovative material development, and energy cost optimization. Machine learning algorithms, such as Convolutional Neural Networks and Long Short-Term Memory, demonstrated remarkable capabilities in predicting process parameters, enhancing material performance, and optimizing energy utilization in wastewater treatment plants. Artificial intelligence applied to wastewater treatment is still in its primary stage, and with the rapid development of artificial intelligence, significant technical innovation in wastewater treatment can be anticipated in the near future. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Artificial intelligence; Bibliometric; Machine learning; Neural networks; Wastewater treatment
Wang C.; Zhang S.; Hua T.; Zeng J.; Lan M.	CO2 geological storage: A bibliometric analysis of research trends	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34479	Geological sequestration of carbon dioxide is a critical strategy to combat global warming, playing a significant role in the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and preservation of the global ecosystem. Over more than three decades, this domain has expanded to encompass myriad research avenues and nuanced sub-fields. Proficiency in navigating the dynamic developments and prominent challenges in this arena is imperative for promoting scholarly advancement. In this investigation, bibliometric techniques are applied to perform a comprehensive qualitative and quantitative investigation of the progression of studies on CO2 geological sequestration. The analysis incorporates a thorough review and synthesis of the accumulated literature, comprising 34,392 articles sourced from the Web of Science Core Collection. The assessment primarily scrutinizes the chronological dispersal of research outputs, geographical and institutional representation, principal journals of publication, and patterns of authorship to highlight burgeoning areas of concentrated research endeavors and prospective future research frontiers. The data reveals a pronounced surge in academic literature focusing on CO2 geological storage post-2009, which underscores the increasing value of this research sector. Investigations of CO2 geological sequestration are characterized by widespread international engagement, with notable contributions from the United States, China, and the United Kingdom substantially steering the research discourse. The core investigative themes comprise comprehensive inquiries into the physical and chemical dynamics of CO2 containment, environmental repercussions, safety assessments, evaluation methods, and technological assessments of carbon storage, along with stringent scrutiny of geological contexts for their viability and efficacy as sequestration sites. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; CO<sub>2</sub> geological storage; Knowledge mapping; Visualization
Hamed A.S.A.; Yahya M.S.; Latiff N.A.A.; Yusof N.I.F.M.; Munajat N.F.	Thermochemical conversion of oil palm biomass and its applications: A bibliometric exploration of global trends over two decades	2024	Journal of Analytical and Applied Pyrolysis	10.1016/j.jaap.2024.106568	In the context of rising global palm oil production and increasing focus on renewable energy, this bibliometric analysis explores literature trends and the impact of scholarly articles on the thermochemical conversion of oil palm biomass (OPB). Data from 2004 to 2023, sourced from Scopus, was validated and analyzed using Microsoft Excel and VOSViewer. The search yielded 2215 articles after multiple phases of collecting and refining textual content from Scopus. The analysis maps out research frontiers, themes, and connections, including combustion, gasification, pyrolysis, torrefaction, and liquefaction. Malaysia emerged as the leading country in terms of research output. In terms of technologies, pyrolysis was the most researched technology. The analysis was further deepened to include specific application-related subtopics, focusing on keywords such as diesel, biofuel, adsorption, supercapacitor, phenol, and hydrogen production, which show significant linkage and occurrence in author keyword searches. This study provides a comprehensive overview of the research landscape in this field, highlighting crucial areas for future exploration. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Gasification; Oil palm biomass; Pyrolysis; Renewable energy sources; Thermochemical conversion; Torrefaction
Chen B.	Bibliometric analysis and current research in the field of microplastics (MPs) in mangrove	2024	Environment, Development and Sustainability	10.1007/s10668-023-03481-w	The marine MPs’ hazard to ecological safety and environmental health has been confirmed. However, mangrove forests are a special land-sea interface, and their MP pollution characteristics and ecological risks have been studied more broadly. It is necessary to sort out the current status of mangrove MP research among the existing homogeneous and limited literatures, to summarize the representative views and point out the direction for future research trends. In this paper, the bibliometrics method was adopted for text mining and knowledge mapping analysis. The development process, knowledge structure, hotspots, and potential trends were discussed to provide researchers with a macro perspective. A total of 71 articles were selected from 93 articles focused on MPs in mangroves, downloaded from Science Citation Index and China Knowledge Network. The number of studies on MPs in mangroves has increased over time in which China had the most research literature (41%), followed by Brazil (7%), Indonesia (6%), and Colombia (6%). From 2019 onwards, the intensity and density of research in Chinese literature increased rapidly. The MPs’ abundance in mangrove sediments was majorly attributed to their degree of self-aggregation and deposition rate. The mechanism underlying the correlation between mangrove sediment structure and volatilized characteristics of MPs remains to be further studied. Further studies should focus on the carbon sink process, ecological risk, environmental behavior, barrier mechanism, and combined pollution. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2023.	Bibliometric analysis; Current status; Future trends; Mangrove; Microplastics
Perera Molligoda Arachchige A.S.	The Need to Consider Factors Beyond H-Index Alone	2024	Journal of the American College of Radiology	10.1016/j.jacr.2023.11.028	[No abstract available]	N/A
D'Angiulli A.; Roy R.	The frog-manikin holding the blue parasol umbrella: imaginative generativity in evolution, life, and consciousness	2024	Current Opinion in Behavioral Sciences	10.1016/j.cobeha.2024.101397	In this paper, we introduce a new perspective where imagination is identified as the generativity of mental imagery and imaginings, or imaginative generativity (IG), characterized by a diverse array of multisensory formats, symbolic types, and mental activities (mental synthesis). Reviewing evidence spanning the evolution of cognition in hominids and some nonhuman species, we highlight the significance of IG in Paleolithic symbolism and findings from experimental studies in behavioral and cognitive neuroscience on perception and mental imagery. Our analysis also includes a synthesis of extensive bibliometric literature. We conclude that imaginative consciousness and its phenomenology rely on vivid representing, a cognitive optimization strategy to navigate the challenges of instability, ambiguity, and limitations in perception, memory and consciousness, crucial for survival and adaptation. Our review suggests that imagination, akin to phenotypic traits, plays a critical role in natural selection, highlighting the importance of including cognitive process variations within the framework of natural selection. Our perspective not only deepens the understanding of evolutionary development but also emphasizes the importance of mental simulation and foresight as key components of evolutionary fitness. © 2024 The Author(s)	N/A
Thangagiri B.; Sivakumar R.	Biochar for toxic chromium removal: Its impacts, mechanism, and future direction	2024	Biomass Conversion and Biorefinery	10.1007/s13399-023-04058-3	Biochar (BC) has been paid responsiveness during current decades. The present study, BC with chromium, aimed to investigate the research status and future developments. To do so, from the Scopus database, 855 documents regarding BC with chromium were acquired during the study period from 2011 to 2022 and a bibliometric analysis was implemented. Chemosphere was the topmost journal in which most of the papers were published. China is categorized first followed by India and the USA in the publications. With 42 articles, Xinde Cao from China is the topmost author in this research area. China established collaboration with South Korea and the USA. Most influencing authors, journals, papers, and organizations were deliberated in addition to the investigation of keywords. Furthermore, the impact of chromium on soil, plants, and human beings was elaborated followed by the de-pollution mechanism (surface adsorption/reduction, ion exchange method, electrochemical interaction, surface complexation). Its removal efficiency was associated with the effect of adsorbent, pyrolysis temperature, dose, surface area, and pH. The renewal of sorbed BC was elaborated. Current research status and present problems of its elimination in the polluted environment were added. This contributes a lot of ideas to the contemporary research community who are employed in the field of chromium elimination in contaminated environments. Graphical abstract : (Figure presented.) © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023.	Bibliometric analysis; Biochar; Chromium; Chromium pollution; VOSviewer
Zhaomeng H.; Shaoting S.; Longhao C.; Guikang W.; Honghai Z.	Visualization analysis of research hotspots and trends in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.064	BACKGROUND: Adolescent idiopathic scoliosis is the most common scoliosis deformity, accounting for about 80% of all scoliosis. Its pathogenesis is unknown. In recent years, the incidence rate has shown an obvious upward trend, which seriously threatens the physical and mental health of adolescents. OBJECTIVE: To perform the visualization analysis of the relevant literature on adolescent idiopathic scoliosis in recent 20 years through the Bibliometrics method, and explore the research hotspots and trends in this field to provide references for further research. METHODS: The relevant articles included in the Web of Science core collection database from January 1, 2002 to December 31, 2021 were searched by computer. The scientific knowledge map was drawn by CiteSpace 5.8.R3 software. The cooperation network, co-citation network, keyword co-occurrence, burst, clustering and timeline map were visually analyzed. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: A total of 5 245 papers were included. In the past 20 years, the annual publication volume has shown a fluctuating upward trend. The analysis of the cooperation network shows that the author with the most publications is Qiu Yong; the institution is Nanjing University; the country is USA. The author with the highest intermediary centrality is Lowe TG; the institution is Childrens Hosp Philadelphia, and the country is Switzerland. The co-citation network analysis exhibits that the author with the highest frequency of citations is Lenke LG; the document is Weinstein SL, 2013, N Engl J Med; the journal is Spine, and the author with the highest intermediary centrality is Suk SI, and the cited document is Danielsson AJ, 2001, Eur Spine J; the cited journal is Spine. Keyword analysis displays that the research hotspots mainly focus on conservative treatment, imaging parameters, pathogenesis, and genome-wide associations. Through the visualization analysis of the literature in this research field, this study clarifies the context of the research in this field, reveals the research hotspots and trends in this field, and provides research ideas and methods for many scholars. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	adolescent idiopathic scoliosis; bibliometrics; CiteSpace; knowledge map; visualization analysis
Yehui L.; Zhihong L.; Fang T.; Zixuan Z.; Mengyuan Z.; Zhifang Y.; Jiuhong Z.	Bibliometric Analysis of Global Research on Circular RNA: Current Status and Future Directions	2024	Molecular Biotechnology	10.1007/s12033-023-00830-y	Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have gained significant attention in recent years. This bibliometric analysis aimed to provide insights into the current state and future trends of global circRNA research. The scientific output on circRNAs from 2010 to 2022 was retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection with circRNA-related terms as the subjects. Key bibliometric indicators were calculated and evaluated using CiteSpace. A total of 7385 studies on circRNAs were identified. The output and citation number have increased rapidly after 2015. China, the USA, and Germany were top three publishing countries. Currently, circCDR1as, circHIPK3, circPVT1, circSHPRH, and circZNF609 are the most studied circRNAs; and all are related to cancer. The theme of research have shifted from transcript, exon circularization and miRNA sponge topics to the transcriptome, tumor suppressor, and biomarkers, indicating that research interests have evolved from basic to applied research. CircRNAs will continue to be a highly active research area in the near future. From the current understanding of circRNA characterization and regulatory mechanisms as miRNA sponges in cancer, future directions may examine potential diagnostic and therapeutic roles of circRNAs in cancers or the function and mechanism of circRNAs in other diseases. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.) © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2023.	Bibliometric analysis; circRNAs; CiteSpace; Current state; Future direction
Wang C.; Gu L.; Zhang Y.; Gao Y.; Jian Z.; Xiong X.	Bibliometric insights into the inflammation and mitochondrial stress in ischemic stroke	2024	Experimental Neurology	10.1016/j.expneurol.2024.114845	Background: Research in the areas of inflammation and mitochondrial stress in ischemic stroke is rapidly expanding, but a comprehensive overview that integrates bibliometric trends with an in-depth review of molecular mechanisms is lacking. Objective: To map the evolving landscape of research using bibliometric analysis and to detail the molecular mechanisms that underpin these trends, emphasizing their implications in ischemic stroke. Methods: We conducted a bibliometric analysis to identify key trends, top contributors, and focal research themes. In addition, we review recent research advances in mitochondrial stress and inflammation in ischemic stroke to gain a detailed understanding of the pathophysiological processes involved. Conclusion: Our integrative approach not only highlights the growing research interest and collaborations but also provides a detailed exploration of the molecular mechanisms that are central to the pathology of ischemic stroke. This synthesis offers valuable insights for researchers and paves the way for targeted therapeutic interventions. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Inflammation; Ischemic stroke; Mitochondrial stress
Grillo R.; Quinta Reis B.A.; Ali K.; Melhem-Elias F.	Emerging Trends in Virtual Surgical Planning for Orthognathic Surgery: A Global Overview of Research and Publication Patterns	2024	Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery	10.1016/j.joms.2024.04.003	Purpose: Anticipating trends and pursuing innovative ideas are imperative for the advancement of science. The objective of this study was to conduct a bibliometric analysis of 3-dimensional virtual simulation in orthognathic surgery, explore its implications for clinical practice, and identify future publication trends through digital tools. Methods: This study employed a retrospective bibliometric analysis using data obtained from the Web of Science database. The search strategy focused on articles related to orthognathic surgery and virtual simulation techniques. RStudio and bibliometrix tools were used to data mining. The independent variables retrieved from digital analysis were the emerging themes related to virtual planning in orthognathic surgery. The trends that we identified were facial esthetics, digital workflow, personalized treatments, and complex cases. The primary outcome variable was the number of publications dedicated to virtual simulation in orthognathic surgery, along with secondary outcomes such as citation rates, language of publication, country of origin, institutional affiliations, and emerging research themes. Covariates included variables related to publication characteristics, author affiliations, and geographic distribution of publications. Publication analyses over time involved descriptive statistics, regression analysis, Pearson correlation tests, and graphical representation techniques. Statistical significance was set at a 95% confidence interval (P value <.05). Results: A comprehensive analysis of 987 articles reveals the impact of included authors, with a mean h-index of 62 (SD = 18.4). The analysis further illuminates a discernible upward trend in publications on this subject, showcasing a linear pattern with a notable R2 value of 0.88 (P =.021). English remains the predominant language of publication, accounting for 97.97% of articles, while contributions hailed from a diverse spectrum of 56 countries. Interestingly, a moderate correlation emerges between publication numbers and gross domestic product per capita (r = 0.30, P =.044) and total area (r = 0.30, P =.032), whereas a more substantial correlation is evident with total population (r = 0.61, P =.034). Notably, the most cited article amassed 254 citations. Furthermore, a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.97 underscores the correlation between citation density and the year of publication. Conclusion: The bibliometric indicators provided insights for evaluating research productivity and the quality of research output. Emerging themes included facial esthetics, 3-dimensional printing, and the utilization of custom-made templates and implants. This study holds relevance for maxillofacial surgeons, academics, and researchers alike. © 2024 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons	N/A
Wider W.; Ping Pang N.T.; Lin J.; Fauzi M.A.; Jiang L.; Tanucan J.C.M.	Bibliometric Mapping of Psychological Flexibility Research: Trends and Future Directions	2024	Perceptual and Motor Skills	10.1177/00315125241253946	In this article, we offer an exhaustive analysis of academic work on psychological flexibility using bibliometric techniques. We identify emerging trends in a dataset of 3535 scholarly articles from the Web of Science database. We highlight key publications, map out the field’s intellectual framework, and anticipate future research avenues through co-citation and co-word analytics. The co-citation assessment revealed five distinct clusters, while the co-word analysis showed three. Although research regarding psychological flexibility has gained recent popularity, there remains a need for more scholarly initiatives to achieve a nuanced understanding of this subject. © The Author(s) 2024.	bibliometric analysis; co-citation; co-word; human health; psychological flexibility; Web of Science
Tripathy P.; Jena P.K.; Mishra B.R.	Systematic literature review and bibliometric analysis of energy efficiency	2024	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2024.114583	The contemporary world faces several energy problems and struggles to balance sustainable energy and steady industrial development. In this context, the existing energy efficiency studies have not unfolded the mysteries surrounding the industrial units' energy-saving potential and the key determinants and impacts of the manufacturing units’ energy efficiency levels. Therefore, there is a need to comprehensively study the existing energy efficiency studies and clarify the above. Considering two databases, Scopus and Web of Science, the study uses bibliometric analysis and a systematic literature review to analyze the current energy efficiency literature. The bibliometric analysis is based on 619 published papers and assesses the existing energy efficiency literature to ascertain the evolution of energy efficiency studies from 2001 to 2022. This investigation adheres to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA-2020) framework for a systematic review of ninety-three relevant papers from the existing energy efficiency literature. The systematic literature review (SLR) highlights twenty-seven theories discussed in several dimensions of the environmental and industrial linkages in the manufacturing sector. Subsequently, the study identifies energy efficiency measures and the associated methodological issues. Next, the study addresses the available set of determinants and the impacts of energy efficiency performance on manufacturing industries across the globe. It explores the potential research gap in the existing studies. Finally, the concluding remarks, discusses several policy implications, and suggests avenues for future research in the direction of theory, context, and methodology in energy efficiency domain. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Energy efficiency; PRISMA; Scopus; Systematic literature review; Web of Science
Cartagena-Reyes M.A.; Gupta M.; Roy J.M.; Solomon E.; Yenokyan G.; Fogam L.; Nazario-Ferrer G.I.; Elnemer W.G.; Park S.; Skolasky R.L., Jr; Jain A.	Gender diversity at spine surgery academic conferences: a 15-year investigation	2024	Spine Journal	10.1016/j.spinee.2023.11.018	BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Enhancing gender diversity at academic conferences is critical for advancing women's representation and career trajectories in spine surgery. PURPOSE: To discover trends in women's representation at major spine conferences over a 15-year period. STUDY DESIGN/SETTING: Conference records from the 2007–2021 annual meetings of the Congress of Neurological Surgeons, North American Spine Society, and Scoliosis Research Society (SRS). PATIENT SAMPLE: Authors of spine-related presentations. OUTCOME MEASURES: Authorship by gender. METHODS: Retrospective bibliometric analysis with univariate and multivariate modeling to identify trends and predictors of gender diversity. RESULTS: Among 8,948 presentations, 750 (8.4%) had female first authors and 618 (6.9%) had female senior authors. There was no change in rates of female first authorship (p=.41) or senior authorship (p=.88) over time. The strongest predictors of female first authorship were having a female senior author (OR 7.32, p<.001), and delivering presentations at SRS (OR 1.95, p=.001). Factors negatively associated with female first authorship included poster format (OR 0.82, p=.039) and conference location in the United States/Canada (OR 0.76, p=.045). Similar trends were encountered for senior authorship. Productivity per senior author was similar between genders (p=.160); whereas a gender gap in productivity per first author during 2007 to 2011 (p=.020) equalized by 2017 to 2021 (p=.300). Among the 10 most productive authors of each gender, male authors delivered more presentations, but all authors shared similar format, content, and location. CONCLUSIONS: Women's representation in spine-related presentations did not increase at three major conferences over a 15-year period. Our findings regarding the positive effects of female mentorship, and international or virtual venues merit further investigation to address the gender gap. The upstream pipeline of recruiting women into academic spine surgery also needs to be addressed. Level of Evidence: 3 © 2023	Academic conferences; Academic medicine; Authorship; Gender diversity; Spine surgery; Women
Ozkaya M.; Korukcu O.	WoS Based Bibliometric Analysis of Studies on Nursing Informatics in Türkiye	2024	Studies in Health Technology and Informatics	10.3233/SHTI240302	This study aims to examine the studies on nursing informatics in Türkiye using the bibliometric analysis method. Study data was obtained using Web of Science between 05-12 October 2023. As a result of the screening, 71 studies on nursing informatics in the field of nursing in Türkiye were found and 46 studies were included in the analysis. It was determined that 76.60% of the studies were research articles, most studies were published in the journal Computers Informatics Nursing and most studies were published in 2022. The most publications was determined as Akdeniz University. The most used keyword was 'Omaha System', the total number of citations is 276, and the h-index is 9.  © 2024 The Authors.	Bibliometrics analysis; nursing informatics; Türkiye
Revercomb L.; Patel A.M.; Tripathi O.B.; Filimonov A.	Factors Associated with Research Productivity and National Institutes of Health Funding in Academic Otology	2024	Laryngoscope	10.1002/lary.31408	Objectives: Bibliometrics, such as the Hirsch index (h-index) and the more recently developed relative citation ratio (RCR), are utilized to evaluate research productivity. Our study evaluates demographics, research productivity, and National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding in academic otology. Methods: Academic otologists were identified, and their demographics were collected using institutional faculty profiles (N = 265). Funding data were obtained using the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Expenditures and Reports Database. The h-index was calculated using Scopus and mean (m-RCR) and weighted RCR (w-RCR) were calculated using the NIH iCite tool. Results: H-index (aOR 1.18, 95% CI 1.10–1.27, p < 0.001), but not m-RCR (aOR 1.50, 95% CI 0.97–2.31, p = 0.069) or w-RCR (aOR 1.00, 95% CI 0.99–1.00, p = 0.231), was associated with receiving NIH funding. Men had greater h-index (16 vs. 9, p < 0.001) and w-RCR (51.8 vs. 23.0, p < 0.001), but not m-RCR (1.3 vs. 1.3, p = 0.269) than women. Higher academic rank was associated with greater h-index and w-RCR (p < 0.001). Among assistant professors, men had greater h-index than women (9.0 vs. 8.0, p = 0.025). At career duration 11–20 years, men had greater h-index (14.0 vs. 8.0, p = 0.009) and w-RCR (52.7 vs. 25.8, p = 0.022) than women. Conclusion: The h-index has a strong relationship with NIH funding in academic otology. Similar h-index, m-RCR, and w-RCR between men and women across most academic ranks and career durations suggests production of similarly impactful research. The m-RCR may correct some deficiencies of time-dependent bibliometrics and its consideration in academic promotion and research funding allocation may promote representation of women in otology. Level of Evidence: N/A Laryngoscope, 134:3786–3794, 2024. © 2024 The Authors. The Laryngoscope published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.	bibliometric; NIH funding; otology; relative citation ratio; research productivity
Abdullah M.; Ahmad B.; Tufail Z.; Farooq M.; Ranjha K.U.; Scalia G.; Hoz S.S.; Malik A.A.	Neurosurgery and Social Media: A Bibliometric Analysis of Scientific Production from 2004 to 2023	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.04.128	Background: Neurosurgery is a rapidly advancing surgical specialty. Social media has significantly impacted the landscape of advancements in the field of neurosurgery. Research on the subject of neurosurgery and social media plays a vital role in combating disability and mortality due to neurological diseases, especially in trauma-affected individuals by increasing cooperation and sharing of clinical experiences between neurosurgeons via social media. This study aimed to evaluate the global neurosurgery and social media research performance from 2004 to 2023. Methods: All the data for neurosurgery and social media-related research publications from 2004 to 2023 were extracted from the Web of Science database and a comprehensive analysis was performed on the R-bibliometrix package. Results: An increasing number of publications with an annual growth rate of 22.04% was observed, with >91% of total articles published in the last decade. The United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Canada, and India made up of more than 67% of the global contribution. Out of 1449 authors, Chaurasia B was the most productive with 14 publications and the most globally cited document was JEAN WC, 2020 with 117 citations. The University of Cambridge was the leading institutional affiliation. World Neurosurgery was the most productive with >60 articles. Conclusions: Exploring neurosurgery on social media enhances global collaboration, utilizing dynamic platforms for real-time knowledge exchange and holds immense potential for the field's global advancement. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Neurosurgery; Social media
Villar A.; Mendes B.; Viègas M.; de Aquino Alexandre A.L.; Paladini S.; Cossatis J.	The relationship between periodontal disease and cancer: Insights from a Systematic Literature Network Analysis	2024	Cancer Epidemiology	10.1016/j.canep.2024.102595	This paper investigates the relationship between periodontal disease and various cancer types. It provides a comprehensive overview of the existing knowledge about the interaction between periodontal disease and carcinogenesis, explores the underlying biological mechanisms of this connection, and consider the impact of these findings on healthcare practices and future research directions. Utilizing Systematic Literature Network Analysis, which combines bibliometric analysis with Systematic Literature Review, this study analyzes 164 documents from 2000 to 2023. Focus is placed on the 38 most globally cited papers, enabling a targeted and comprehensive analysis of the predominant research within this scope. This review highlights that colorectal, oral, pancreatic, lung, and gastrointestinal cancers have consistent associations with periodontal disease. On the other hand, hematological, breast and prostate cancers show associations with periodontal disease, but these links are less pronounced and more variable, indicating the need for targeted research in these domains. These insights emphasize the necessity for a multidisciplinary healthcare approach, recognizing the systemic implications of periodontal disease. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Cancer; Cancer risk; Periodontal disease; Periodontitis; Systematic Literature Analysis
Gajurel S.; Maheshwari B.; Hagare D.; Ward J.; Singh P.K.	Evolving research on groundwater governance and collective action for water security: A Global bibliometric analysis	2024	Groundwater for Sustainable Development	10.1016/j.gsd.2024.101224	"Groundwater is a significant source of freshwater supply globally. State-mandated groundwater regulatory frameworks are often pervasive and have failed to reap tangible outcomes. The participatory approach of groundwater governance has surfaced to understand human-groundwater relations through collective action going beyond the techno-managerial paradigm. Hence, the study is carried out to provide a comprehensive and systematic review of the evolution and trends of research in groundwater governance and collective action deploying bibliometric analysis to understand the political economy of groundwater. A total of 356 scholarly peer-reviewed and grey literature published from 2000 to 2022 was compiled. A substantial increase in publications after 2013 was observed. USA and India lead in publication contributions in terms of geographical distribution. Three peer-reviewed journals were prominent publishing outlets: Hydrogeology, Water, and Water Alternatives. The analysis of 814 keywords co-occurrence shows that “groundwater,” ""governance,"" and “collective action” were the most extensively used keywords. The emerging themes observed are governance and institutions, cooperative management, and policy. Our findings signify that cooperative management or collective action will be prioritised to understand human-groundwater relations by making the invisible resource visible integrating socio-cultural perspectives. © 2024 The Authors"	Bibliometric analysis; Collective action; Groundwater governace; Research trend; Systematic review
Wang J.; Li H.; Yang Z.; Ge Y.-E.	Shore power for reduction of shipping emission in port: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review	10.1016/j.tre.2024.103639	Shore power not only reduces ship emissions and noise in berthing but also has shown practical implications for maritime competitiveness. However, the existing literature and industry reports reveal that a limited number of ships have access to shore power. This highlights the need for research into the constraints faced by the sector and the development of solutions to enhance its adoption. Addressing these issues will enable the port and shipping industries to enjoy the associated benefits. Currently, existing research on shore power remains dispersed, yet it fully addresses such questions and lacks an integrated framework, making it challenging to extract pivotal insights. This paper aims to conduct a state-of-the-art review of shore power by the Web of Science Core Collection and Scopus databases as a pivotal solution to shipping emissions reduction in ports and advancing the maritime sector towards carbon neutrality. This analysis is grounded in a bibliometric analysis of existing literature on this topic, with a focus on the need to devise robust strategies to fully harness the potential of shore power for carbon neutrality. The valuable findings are revealed, including (i) The adoption of shore power by ports is predominantly propelled by regulatory mandates and incentives, inclusive of government subsidies in leading regions such as China, the U.S., and Europe; (ii) Due to the implementation of Emission Control Areas and carbon neutrality regulations, an increasing number of port operators in Europe are turning to shore power to fulfil both the governmental or industrial requirements, especially regarding cruise ships; (iii) The literature on shore power primarily delves into four main research areas: the inherent features of shore power, emission inventory assessments, practical applications of shore power, and energy management strategies; and (iv) Emerging directions in shore power research include cooperative optimisation among stakeholders, integration of new technologies into shore power, a holistic evaluation of the multifaceted advantages of diverse emission reduction strategies, and critical examinations of any unintended consequences stemming from shore power adoption. They offer invaluable insights on enhancing the adaptation and effectiveness of shore power. © 2024 The Author(s)	Maritime power; Shipping emissions; Shore power; Sustainable development
Cheng F.	Photonic Seismology: A New Decade of Distributed Acoustic Sensing in Geophysics from 2012 to 2023	2024	Surveys in Geophysics	10.1007/s10712-024-09840-0	This paper delivers an in-depth bibliometric analysis of distributed acoustic sensing (DAS) research within the realm of geophysics, covering the period from 2012 to 2023 and drawing on data from the Web of Science. By employing bibliographic and structured network analysis methods, including the use of Bibliometrix and VOSviewer®, the study highlights the most influential scholars, leading institutions, and pivotal research contributions that have significantly shaped the field of DAS in geophysics. The research delves into key collaborative dynamics, unraveling them through co-authorship network analysis, and delves into thematic developments and trajectories via comprehensive co-citation and keyword co-occurrence network analyses. These analyses elucidate the most robust and prominent areas within DAS research. A critical insight gained from this study is the rise of ‘photonic seismology’ as an emerging interdisciplinary domain, exemplifying the fusion of photonic sensing techniques with seismic science. This paper also discusses certain limitations inherent in the study and concludes with implications for future research. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Distributed acoustic sensing; Earthquake research; Geophysics; Network analysis; Photonic seismology; Seismic monitoring
Wong L.-H.; Park H.; Looi C.-K.	From hype to insight: Exploring ChatGPT's early footprint in education via altmetrics and bibliometrics	2024	Journal of Computer Assisted Learning	10.1111/jcal.12962	Background: The emergence of ChatGPT in the education literature represents a transformative phase in educational technology research, marked by a surge in publications driven by initial research interest in new topics and media hype. While these publications highlight ChatGPT's potential in education, concerns arise regarding their quality, methodology, and uniqueness. Objective: Our study employs unconventional methods by combining altmetrics and bibliometrics to explore ChatGPT in education comprehensively. Methods: Two scholarly databases, Web of Science and Altmetric, were adopted to retrieve publications with citations and those mentioned on social media, respectively. We used a search query, “ChatGPT,” and set the publication date between November 30th, 2022, and August 31st, 2023. Both datasets were within the education-related domains. Through a filtering process, we identified three publication categories: 49 papers with both altmetrics and citations, 60 with altmetrics only, and 66 with citations only. Descriptive statistical analysis was conducted on all three lists of papers, further dividing the entire collection into three distinct periods. All the selected papers underwent detailed coding regarding open access, paper types, subject domains, and learner levels. Furthermore, we analysed the keywords occurring and visualized clusters of the co-occurring keywords. Results and Conclusions: An intriguing finding is the significant correlation between media/social media mentions and academic citations in ChatGPT in education papers, underscoring the transformative potential of ChatGPT and the urgency of its incorporation into practice. Our keyword analysis also reveals distinctions between the themes of the papers that received both mentions and citations and those that received only citations but no mentions. Additionally, we noticed a limitation that authors' choice of keywords might be influenced by individual subjective judgements, potentially skewing results in thematic analysis based solely on author-assigned keywords such as keyword co-occurrence analysis. Henceforth, we advocate for developing a standardized keyword taxonomy in the educational technology field and integrating Large Language Models to enhance keyword analysis in altmetric and bibliometric tools. This study reveals that ChatGPT in education literature is evolving from rapid publication to rigorous research. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	AI in education; altmetrics; bibliometrics; ChatGPT in education; probing publication deluge; research impact
Yang H.; Niu S.; Guo M.; Xue Y.	Applications of 3D organoids in toxicological studies: a comprehensive analysis based on bibliometrics and advances in toxicological mechanisms	2024	Archives of Toxicology	10.1007/s00204-024-03777-4	A mechanism exploration is an important part of toxicological studies. However, traditional cell and animal models can no longer meet the current needs for in-depth studies of toxicological mechanisms. The three-dimensional (3D) organoid derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESC) or induced pluripotent stem cells (hiPSC) is an ideal experimental model for the study of toxicological effects and mechanisms, which further recapitulates the human tissue microenvironment and provides a reliable method for studying complex cell–cell interactions. This article provides a comprehensive overview of the state of the 3D organoid technology in toxicological studies, including a bibliometric analysis of the existing literature and an exploration of the latest advances in toxicological mechanisms. The use of 3D organoids in toxicology research is growing rapidly, with applications in disease modeling, organ-on-chips, and drug toxicity screening being emphasized, but academic communications among countries/regions, institutions, and research scholars need to be further strengthened. Attempts to study the toxicological mechanisms of exogenous chemicals such as heavy metals, nanoparticles, drugs and organic pollutants are also increasing. It can be expected that 3D organoids can be better applied to the safety evaluation of exogenous chemicals by establishing a standardized methodology. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	3D organoid; Bibliometrics; Exogenous chemicals; hiPSC; Toxicological mechanisms
Huang C.; Zhai Y.	A comprehensive review of the “black gold catalysts” in wastewater treatment: Properties, applications and bibliometric analysis	2024	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2024.142775	A significant amount of effort has been devoted to the utilization of biochar-based catalysts in the treatment of wastewater. By virtue of its abundant functional groups and high specific surface area, biochar holds significant promise as a catalyst. This article presents a comprehensive systematic review and bibliometric analysis covering the period from 2009 to 2024, focusing on the restoration of wastewater through biochar catalysis. The production, activation, and functionalization techniques employed for biochar are thoroughly examined. In addition, the application of advanced technologies such as advanced oxidation processes (AOPs), catalytic reduction reactions, and biochemically driven processes based on biochar are discussed, with a focus on elucidating the underlying mechanisms and how surface functionalities influence the catalytic performance of biochar. Furthermore, the potential drawbacks of utilizing biochar are also brought to light. To emphasize the progress being made in this research field and provide valuable insights for future researchers, a scientometric analysis was conducted using CiteSpace and VOSviewer software on 595 articles. Hopefully, this review will enhance understanding of the catalytic performance and mechanisms pertaining to biochar-based catalysts in pollutant treatment while providing a perspective and guidelines for future research and development efforts in this area. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Biochar; Catalysts; Visualization; Wastewater treatment
Zissette S.; Gautam A.; Krumholz H.M.; Ross J.S.; Wallach J.D.	Altmetric Attention Scores and Citations of Published Research with or Without Preprints	2024	JAMA Network Open	10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2024.24732	[No abstract available]	N/A
Wu X.; Sun X.; Deng W.; Xu R.; Zhao Q.	Combination therapy of targeting CD20 antibody and immune checkpoint inhibitor may be a breakthrough in the treatment of B-cell lymphoma	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34068	Background: CD20 is a membrane protein extensively expressed on the surface of B cells at various stages of development and differentiation. Herein, we conducted a bibliometrics analysis of the literature on CD20-targeting antibody therapy in lymphoma. Methods: A total of 6663 articles were downloaded from the web of science core collection (WOSCC) from 1999 to July 23, 2022. Bibliometric.com was used for citation and annual publications analysis. VOSviewer was used to map countries/institutions/authors/journals nodes and links, extract hotspot keywords, and analyze the time trend of keywords. Citespace was employed to recognize the turning points based on the centrality value of countries, define the topic distribution of academics according to the map of dual-map overlay of journals, and characterize the emerging topics or landmark articles in a field based on references citation bursts. Results: All articles were cited 225,032 times, averaging 33.77. The number of articles increased from 1999 to 2002, while the growth rate entered the platform after 2002. The USA was the most publication country, and China was the largest emerging country. Hotspots in this field still focus on the efficacy of rituximab in treating non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and the pathogenesis of lymphoma Application of generation CD-20 antibodies or molecule inhibitors in clinical research and cellular therapy/immunotherapy, such as CAR-T and PDL1/PD1 were the emerging research topics. Conclusion: This study provides essential information and the tendency of the CD20-targeting antibody therapy in lymphoma by using bibliometric and visual methods, which would provide helpful references for clinical experiments and basic scientific research. © 2024 The Authors	CD20; Combination therapy; Immunotherapy; Lymphoma; Rituximab
Odoi-Yorke F.; Opoku R.; Davis F.; Obeng G.Y.	Employing bibliometric analysis to identify the trends, evolution, and future research directions of sand-based thermal energy storage systems	2024	Journal of Energy Storage	10.1016/j.est.2024.112343	Thermal energy storage (TES) systems are pivotal in enabling wider adoption of renewable energy sources by overcoming their intermittent nature. However, many existing TES systems suffer from high costs or limited scalability. TES systems using sand as a storage medium have gained significant research attention in recent years due to availability and low cost. This bibliometric analysis aims to comprehensively examine and map the rapidly evolving research trends and evolution of sand-based TES systems, an emerging low-cost solution leveraging sand's abundance and favourable thermal properties as a storage medium. A systematic search was conducted on the Scopus database using PRISMA guidelines, and 339 relevant documents were included for analysis. The biblioshiny package in R software was used to perform the bibliometric analysis. The results revealed increasing publication trends since 2003, with notable contributions from countries like the United States of America, China, Saudi Arabia, India, and Spain. Research hotspots focused on numerical and experimental investigations of sand-based TES systems to evaluate thermal performance and optimise design parameters. The key research gap identified is optimising sand-based TES systems using artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning algorithms. Key future research directions include developing cost-effective sand property enhancement techniques, long-term stability assessments, design optimisation for applications like seasonal storage, and leveraging synergies between TES and other energy systems through detailed techno-economic analysis. The study provides comprehensive insights on growth, knowledge gaps, and a future roadmap to advance sand TES technology. This study will aid researchers in gaining a comprehensive overview of the field and identifying high-impact research areas to advance sand-based TES technology. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Renewable energy sources; Sand; Thermal energy storage
Uparela-Reyes M.J.; Villegas-Trujillo L.M.; Cespedes J.; Velásquez-Vera M.; Rubiano A.M.	Usefulness of Artificial Intelligence in Traumatic Brain Injury: A Bibliometric Analysis and Mini-review	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.05.065	Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) has become a major source of disability worldwide, increasing the interest in algorithms that use artificial intelligence (AI) to optimize the interpretation of imaging studies, prognosis estimation, and critical care issues. In this study we present a bibliometric analysis and mini-review on the main uses that have been developed for TBI in AI. Methods: The results informing this review come from a Scopus database search as of April 15, 2023. The bibliometric analysis was carried out via the mapping bibliographic metrics method. Knowledge mapping was made in the VOSviewer software (V1.6.18), analyzing the “link strength” of networks based on co-occurrence of key words, countries co-authorship, and co-cited authors. In the mini-review section, we highlight the main findings and contributions of the studies. Results: A total of 495 scientific publications were identified from 2000 to 2023, with 9262 citations published since 2013. Among the 160 journals identified, The Journal of Neurotrauma, Frontiers in Neurology, and PLOS ONE were those with the greatest number of publications. The most frequently co-occurring key words were: “machine learning”, “deep learning”, “magnetic resonance imaging”, and “intracranial pressure”. The United States accounted for more collaborations than any other country, followed by United Kingdom and China. Four co-citation author clusters were found, and the top 20 papers were divided into reviews and original articles. Conclusions: AI has become a relevant research field in TBI during the last 20 years, demonstrating great potential in imaging, but a more modest performance for prognostic estimation and neuromonitoring. © 2024 The Authors	Artificial intelligence; Brain trauma; Deep learning; Head trauma; Machine learning; Traumatic brain injury
Nervino E.; Cheung J.O.; Chen J.	Charting the path of sustainability discourse research: A systematic review of applied linguistic studies	2024	International Journal of Applied Linguistics (United Kingdom)	10.1111/ijal.12537	This paper aims to understand the state-of-the-art of research on sustainability discourse in applied linguistics. The paper adopts a systematic two-stage review approach. In the first stage, 114 articles were classified into environment, social, and governance (ESG) according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) categories. The second stage involves annotating the dataset using an open-coding system based on data types explored in the studies, methodologies used, findings, and implications. The findings lead to a comprehensive review of diachronic changes in the investigation of sustainability topics, data types, sampling, frameworks, analytical tools, findings, and implications to ultimately set the grounds for future research on sustainability discourse in applied linguistics and related disciplines—for example, communication studies. © 2024 The Authors. International Journal of Applied Linguistics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometrics; comunicazione; corporate social responsibility; discorso sulla sostenibilita’; ESG; ESG; responsabilita’ sociale d'impresa; sostenibilita’; sustainability; sustainability discourse
Lam X.Y.; Ren J.; Yeung A.W.K.; Lin Y.	The 100 Most-Cited Randomised Controlled Trials in Orthodontics: A Bibliometric Study	2024	International Dental Journal	10.1016/j.identj.2023.12.010	Introduction and aim: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) are recognised as the highest level of original evidence and provide essential evidence for dentists to practice evidence-based dentistry. By analysing the top 100 most-cited RCT reports in orthodontics, this study aimed to determine popular research topics, key authors, countries, journals, and their impacts. Methods: A comprehensive search was performed in the Web of Science (WoS) electronic database to identify the top 100 most-cited RCT reports in orthodontics. Publication and citation data were retrieved and further analysed and visualised using R Biblioshiny. The primary themes of the 100 articles were also determined. Additionally, the correlation between number of years since publication and citation counts was examined. Results: The top 100 most-cited RCT reports were published between 1992 and 2018, contributed by 419 authors across 22 journals, with an average citation count of 93.48. The US led with the highest number of publications (28) and citations (2552), followed by the UK (22 and 2061) and Australia (8 and 912). Notably, 20 of the top 24 authors with at least 4 publications are from the UK. The primary focus areas of the articles included early Class II treatment (n = 14), obstructive sleep apnoea (n = 14), demineralisation (n = 12), and pain and quality of life (n = 12). Besides, a positive correlation was found between the number of years since publication and citation counts (P < .001). Conclusions: The top 100 most-cited RCT reports in orthodontics encompass a wide range of topics with varying focus areas across different time periods. This analysis recognises the contributions of scholars and offers valuable insights into the research trends within the field of orthodontics. © 2023 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Orthodontics; Randomised controlled trial
Xu W.; Li Z.; Wang Y.; Ma K.; Liu L.; Bao Y.; Shi X.	Public Health and Children’s Subjective Well-Being	2024	Child Indicators Research	10.1007/s12187-024-10125-6	In recent years, the study of children's subjective well-being has garnered escalating global attention, with its research themes becoming increasingly diverse. However, this field still lacks a systematic review and analysis. Drawing upon the Web of Science database, this study retrieved 32,112 relevant articles published between 2003 and 2022, focusing on the theme of children's subjective well-being. After rigorous screening, 23,711 publications were ultimately retained for analysis. Utilizing bibliometric methods, this study conducted network visualization analysis across multiple dimensions, including countries, institutions, journals, authors, and keywords, aiming to comprehensively reveal the current research landscape of children's subjective well-being. Furthermore, theme modeling techniques were employed to delve into the patterns of theme evolution, and cluster analysis was conducted to categorize related themes. Through qualitative analysis, this study uncovered the developmental trajectory and future research directions in the field of children's subjective well-being. The findings indicate that, in the realm of children's subjective well-being research, developed countries such as those in Europe, America, and Australia have contributed over 30% of the research efforts, both in terms of publication volume and impact. Among them, the United States holds a leading position. The research themes have gradually evolved from an initial focus on the children themselves to exploring their surrounding environments and further delving into the psychological impacts and well-being of children amidst public health emergencies. Notably, the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has prompted scholars to delve deeper into children's well-being, shifting the focus of research from mere exploration of mental health to a more nuanced investigation of psychological impacts. Looking ahead, areas such as public health, psychological impacts, and children's dietary health will emerge as crucial directions for future exploration in the field of children's subjective well-being research, offering significant potential for investigation. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Children's Subjective Well-Being; Systematic Review; Topic Modeling
Lei T.; Zheng D.; Bi X.; Liu C.	The bibliometric and visualized analysis of research for pancreatic fistula based on the Web of Science database	2024	Asian Journal of Surgery	10.1016/j.asjsur.2024.04.036	[No abstract available]	N/A
Balasubramaniam M.; Mokhtar A.M.A.	Past and present discovery of the BAFF/APRIL system – A bibliometric study from 1999 to 2023	2024	Cellular Signalling	10.1016/j.cellsig.2024.111201	Cytokines from the Tumour Necrosis Factor (TNF) family are important regulators of both physiological and pathological processes. The discovery of novel TNF ligands and receptors, BAFF and APRIL, have opened up new possibilities for scientists to explore the effect of these cytokines on the human immune system. The role of BAFF/APRIL system in B lymphocytes is particularly important for survival and maintenance of homeostasis. Aberrant expression of the system is associated with various immunological disorders. Hence, this study provides a comprehensive overview of the past and present BAFF/APRIL system research development in a bibliometric perspective. To our best knowledge, this is the first ever bibliometric analysis conducted focusing on the BAFF/APRIL system. A total of 1055 relevant documents were retrieved from WoSCC. Microsoft Excel, VOSviewer, and Biblioshiny of R studio were bibliometric tools used to analyse the scientific literature. From 1999, the annual publications showed an upward trend, with Journal of Immunology being the most productive journal. USA leads the race for BAFF/APRIL system research developments. Pascal Schneider, a senior researcher affiliated with University of Lausanne, Switzerland was recognised as the most productive author and institution in the BAFF/APRIL system research field. The research focus transitioned from focusing on the role of the system in B cell biology, to immunological disorders and finally to development of BAFF/APRIL targeting drugs. Despite several studies elucidating briefly the pathway mechanism of BAFF/APRIL system in B-cell selection, substantial research on the mechanism of action in disease models and T cell activation and development of immunomodulating drugs from natural origins remains largely unexplored. Therefore, future research focusing on these areas are crucial for the deeper understanding of the system in disease manifestations and progression allowing a better treatment management for various immunological disorders. © 2023	APRIL; BAFF; Bibliometric analysis; Immunological disorders; Receptors
Mohan P.; Shahul Hamid F.	Charting the microplastic menace: A bibliometric analysis of pollution in Malaysian mangroves and polypropylene bioaccumulation assessment in Anadara granosa	2024	Marine Pollution Bulletin	10.1016/j.marpolbul.2024.116654	According to a bibliometric analysis, studies on microplastic pollution in Malaysia are still incomprehensive. This study found microplastic contamination in sediment (97 particles/kg) and water (10,963 particles/m3) samples from Malaysian mangroves. Sediment from Matang and water from Kuala Selangor recorded the highest microplastic concentrations at 140 ± 5.13 particles/kg and 13,350 ± 37.95 particles/m3, respectively. Fragmented, blue, rayon and particles of <0.1 mm microplastic were the most abundant in sediment and water. In an experiment of polypropylene microplastic uptakes, Anadara granosa was found to uptake more 0.1 mm fiber particles. The uptake is strongly correlated to the presence of microplastics in sediment and water. The estimated dietary intake (EDI) indicates that a consumer could ingest 507 microplastic particles/year by consuming contaminated A. granosa. Therefore, mitigating measures are crucial to safeguard aquatic systems and humans from microplastic pollution. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Anadara granosa; Bibliometric analysis; Ecological risks; Estimated dietary intake (EDI); Malaysian mangrove; Microplastic
Yang J.; Zhao Q.; Zhou Y.; Zhen H.; Wu J.; Chen X.; Ren F.; Huang J.	It is time to move forward: a bibliometric analysis of top 50 cited articles in elbow arthroscopy	2024	Journal of ISAKOS	10.1016/j.jisako.2024.04.011	Objectives: To analyze the bibliometric characteristics of the top 50 cited articles in elbow arthroscopy. Methods: The Web of Science Core Collection was employed to systematically retrieve publications related to elbow arthroscopy. Subsequently, the top 50 cited articles meeting the predefined inclusion criteria were meticulously documented and subjected to comprehensive bibliometric analysis. Results: The top 50 cited articles spanned the years 1999–2017, with the 2010s emerging as the most prolific decade. Citations per article varied from 24 to 211, and citation density ranged from 1.61 to 9.17. The United States dominated in article production and citations. Predominantly, the articles took the form of case series and expert opinions, with a notable absence of level I or II evidence. The keywords with the highest frequencies were “arthrofibrosis,” “complications,” and “release.” These keywords formed five main clusters: stiff elbow, osteoarthritis, osteochondritis dissecans, and lateral epicondylitis. Conclusions: The majority of the top 50 cited articles in elbow arthroscopy comprised case series exhibiting Level IV or V evidence. Despite a dynamic development post-2010, elbow arthroscopy articles showed lower mean citations and citation density compared to other joints, potentially influenced by concerns about complications. However, with the increasing prevalence of elbow arthroscopy procedures, it is anticipated that higher-level articles, particularly those focusing on complications and exploring additional indications, will supersede some of the articles included in this analysis. Level of evidence: IV © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometric analysis; Citation analysis; Elbow arthroscopy; Top cited
Liu C.-W.; Lin Z.-C.; Koo M.	Nursing Informatics Research: A Bibliometric Analysis from 1989 to 2023	2024	Studies in Health Technology and Informatics	10.3233/SHTI240128	Nursing informatics has evolved rapidly since its inception. Despite its growth, there remains a gap in comprehensive bibliometric analyses of the field's development and themes. The study aimed to provide an overview of the evolution and current status of nursing informatics by conducting a bibliometric analysis of the literature from 1989 to 2023. Utilizing the Science Citation Index Expanded edition of the Web of Science Core Collection, 483 original English-language articles were analyzed using Bibliometrix 4.1. The results revealed a steady increase in publications, with the United States as the leading contributor. Thematic analysis indicates a shift from basic informatics integration to advanced technologies like artificial intelligence, reflecting the dynamic nature and expanding scope of nursing informatics. These findings highlight the need for ongoing research, enhanced digital literacy, and interdisciplinary collaboration, emphasizing the field's critical role in advancing healthcare in the digital age.  © 2024 The Authors.	bibliometrics; Nursing informatics; research trends; Web of Science
Silva T.C.; Braz T.; Tabak B.M.	Mapping the landscape of energy markets research: A bibliometric analysis and predictive assessment using machine learning	2024	Energy Economics	10.1016/j.eneco.2024.107698	This study examines the evolving dynamics of research on the energy market that focuses on understanding its interactions and interdependencies with other markets. Using published articles from 2002 to 2022 indexed by the Web of Science, we employ bibliometric methods, complex network measurements, and machine learning algorithms to analyze trends and predict academic success or interest. Our bibliometric analysis highlights the growing emphasis on new topics, such as clean energy, over traditional energy topics like crude oil and volatility spillovers. In a horse-race setup, we use supervised regression techniques to predict the paper's academic success, measured in terms of the average number of citations over the years. We use meta-information from the paper, including keywords, as predictive attributes. The Random Forest achieves the best out-of-sample performance. We complement this analysis by using Shapley Additive Explanations to assess the contribution of each attribute to the overall prediction, thus allowing model interpretability. We find non-linear relationships between some numeric attributes, such as the number of keywords in the paper, and the target variable, highlighting the flexibility of non-linear methods compared to linear ones. Our findings offer valuable insights into emerging research trends and provide educators, policymakers, and finance professionals with critical information to navigate the evolving landscape of energy market research. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Clean energy; Crude-oil; Energy markets; Machine learning; Volatility spillover
Li Z.; Yuan D.	Global performance and trends of research on emerging contaminants in sewage sludge: A Bibliometric Analysis from 1990 to 2023	2024	Ecotoxicology and Environmental Safety	10.1016/j.ecoenv.2024.116597	The pervasive occurrence of emerging contaminants (ECs) in sewage sludge (SWS) poses significant safety challenges concerning the processing, disposal, and secure application, ultimately jeopardizing both human health and the ecological environment. To comprehensively comprehend the evolutionary trajectories, present state, and research advancements in the field of ECs in SWS, a systematic was conducted, scrutinizing the annual publication quantity, disciplinary distribution, core authors, involved nations/regions, pertinent keywords, and citation status of 2082 research publications related to ECs in SWS from 1990 to 2023. The results indicate a substantial upward trajectory in the research literature pertaining to ECs in SWS. The study of ECs in SWS encompasses 78 disciplines, including Environmental Sciences, Environmental Engineering, and Water Resources. China, Spain, and the USA ranked among the top three countries in terms of both total publications and citation frequency. The majority of publications were published in reputable high-impact journals such as Science of the Total Environment, Chemosphere, and Bioresource Technology. Based on high-frequency keywords, co-occurrence networks of keywords, and keywords burst analysis, it is found that the occurrence and environment behavior of ECs in SWS (ARGs, microplastics, PPCPs, and POPs), the detection and analytical methods, the impact on SWS treatment and disposal processes, and the accumulation and ecological risks in plants and soil during SWS land utilization, are the main research directions and hot topics in this field. In the future, the study of the impact of SWS treatment technologies on ECs removal is expected to receive increased research attention. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Emerging contaminants (ECs); Scientific knowledge map; Sewage sludge (SWS); Web of Science core collection
Dagli N.; Haque M.; Kumar S.	Mapping the Landscape of Clinical Trials on Oral Biofilm: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Bangladesh Journal of Medical Science	10.3329/bjms.v23i3.75013	Oral biofilms, complex communities of bacteria, contribute to the development of dental caries, periodontal disease, and other oral infections. Research on oral biofilms is crucial due to their significant impact on dental and overall health. This bibliometric analysis examines trends in clinical trials focused on oral biofilm, utilizing PubMed data from 1994 to 2024. The number of publications on this topic has steadily increased, reflecting ongoing research interest and activity. Notably, the leading authors in this field include Cury JA and Del Bel Cury AA, who have contributed significantly to the literature. Co-authorship analysis identified distinct clusters of collaboration. Clinical Oral Investigations has published the highest number of clinical trials on oral biofilm, followed by Caries Research and the Journal of Clinical Periodontology. The analysis also reveals that Brazil leads in scientific production, followed by the United States, Italy, and China, indicating a global research effort in understanding and managing oral biofilms. Keyword cooccurrence analysis identified several clusters focusing on various aspects of oral biofilm, including microbiology, treatment outcomes, and preventive measures. Over the years, research has evolved from pharmacological interventions to advanced methodologies like image processing and computer-assisted analysis. Notable trends include a focus on bacterial adhesion, dental plaque microbiology, and the efficacy of biofilm treatments. Recent studies have also explored novel agents such as probiotics and chlorhexidine, suggesting ongoing innovation in biofilm management strategies. Overall, this analysis underscores the dynamic nature of oral biofilm research, broadening the scope of topics and methodologies to enhance oral health outcomes through preventive and therapeutic approaches. © The Ibn Sina Trust.	Authorship characteristics; Bibliometric analysis; Clinical trials; Collaboration networks; dental biofilm; Oral biofilm; Publication trends; PubMed; scientometric analysis
De Oliveira-Gomes D.; Guilliod C.; Gebran K.; Martinez de Majo A.; Lombardo G.; Garcia R.; Abadi V.; Gulati M.	Equity and representation in cardiology research: A comprehensive analysis of authorship from low and low-middle income countries in cardiology journals	2024	Current Problems in Cardiology	10.1016/j.cpcardiol.2024.102667	Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality, disproportionately affecting low-income and low-middle-income countries (LICs/LMICs). Despite this, cardiology research commonly comes from affluent regions. This study assessed the authorship trends from LICs/LMICs in cardiology journals listed in PubMed from 2000 to 2022. The World Bank list was used to classify countries. The total number of articles published in the 138 cardiology journals was 529,359. The percentage of articles that included at least one author affiliated with LICs/LMICs institutions was 0.11 % and 2.23 %, respectively. Over the last decade, there has been an increase in the author's representation from LICs/LMICs; however, it is uneven, with some countries experiencing more significant increases (Zambia, Yemen, and Uganda for LICs, and India, Iran, and Lebanon for LMICs). Our findings highlight the inequity of research publication and invite our community to reflect on the need to develop strategies to improve representation from LICs/LMICs. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Authorship; Diversity; Low-income countries; Lower-middle-income countries; Representation
Guangliang H.; Tao W.; Danxin W.; Lei L.; Ye M.	Critical Knowledge Gaps and Future Priorities Regarding the Intestinal Barrier Damage After Traumatic Brain Injury	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.05.105	The analysis aims to provide a comprehensive understanding of the current landscape of research on the Intestinal barrier damage after traumatic brain injury (TBI), elucidate specific mechanisms, and address knowledge gaps to help guide the development of targeted therapeutic interventions and improve outcomes for individuals with TBI. A total of 2756 relevant publications by 13,778 authors affiliated within 3198 institutions in 79 countries were retrieved from the Web of Science. These publications have been indexed by 1139 journals and cited 158, 525 references. The most productive author in this field was Sikiric P, and the University of Pittsburgh was identified as the most influential institution. The United States was found to be the leading country in terms of article output and held a dominant position in this field. The International Journal of Molecular Sciences was identified as a major source of publications in this area. In terms of collaboration, the cooperation between the United States and China was found to be the most extensive among countries, institutions, and authors, indicating a high level of influence in this field. Keyword co-occurrence network analysis revealed several hotspots in this field, including the microbiome-gut-brain axis, endoplasmic reticulum stress, cellular autophagy, ischemia-reperfusion, tight junctions, and intestinal permeability. The analysis of keyword citation bursts suggested that ecological imbalance and gut microbiota may be the forefront of future research. The findings of this study can serve as a reference and guiding perspective for future research in this field. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometric analysis; Citation burst analysis; Co-occurrence network; Collaboration network; Highly cited paper; Intestinal barrier damage; Traumatic brain injury; Visualization
Ertürk E.; Aktepe E.; Eroğlu Doğan H.	Trichotillomania: A perspective from bibliometric analysis	2024	Australasian Psychiatry	10.1177/10398562241256818	Aim: Trichotillomania, an obsessive-compulsive-related disorder, is defined by the recurrent act of pulling out one’s own hair from different areas of the body. Despite the considerable body of research dedicated to the subject of trichotillomania, the overarching trends that unify these studies remain obscure. The purpose of the present bibliometric analysis was to ascertain these trends. Method: To achieve this objective, we conducted a thorough search of publications in the Web of Science database and subsequently evaluated the acquired data using VOSviewer software. Results: The most cited article on trichotillomania was written by Simonoff et al. The most prolific writer on trichotillomania is Grant JE. The most publications on the subject of trichotillomania were published in the “Journal of Obsessive Compulsive and Related Disorders” and the most frequently repeated keyword is trichotillomania. Trichotillomania studies have focused on treatment, clinical features, and other accompanying psychiatric conditions. Conclusion: Potential areas of research could include treatment methods in addition to the psychiatric and physical comorbidities of trichotillomania, and efforts to enhance international collaborations in this domain should be intensified. © The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists 2024.	author; bibliometric analysis; cited; journal; trichotillomania
Gedik M.S.; Kaya E.; Kilci A.İ.	Evaluation of Rretracted Aarticles in the field of emergency medicine on the web of science database	2024	American Journal of Emergency Medicine	10.1016/j.ajem.2024.05.016	Background: The retraction of articles stands as the most significant mechanism employed to uphold the integrity of science, particularly in flawed studies. Objectives: This study aims to explore the reasons for article retractions in the field of emergency medicine and elucidate the problems arising from such retractions. The goal is to identify parameters in retracted articles that compromise scientific knowledge and raise awareness. Material and methods: Retracted articles within the emergency medicine category were analyzed and assessed using the Web of Science database. The study sought to address the following questions: 1. In which year or years were the most articles retracted? 2. In which journals were the retracted articles published? 3. What is the distribution of topics in retracted articles? 4. What are the reasons for the retraction of articles? 5. What is the time difference and citation count between the publication and retraction years of the articles? Results: The study delved into reasons for article retractions, types of retracted articles, and other relevant factors. A total of 61 retracted articles were examined and analyzed, revealing an increasing trend in the rate of article retractions over the years. The majority of retracted articles occurred in 2023, with the highest retraction rate identified in the “Emergency Medicine International” journal. On average, articles were retracted 356 days after publication. Reasons for retracted articles included concerns related to data, authorship issues, plagiarism, duplication, and biased or fraudulent peer review. Conclusions: This study provided an examination of retracted articles in the field of emergency medicine, highlighting a noteworthy increase in retractions due to various reasons. Despite retractions, it was observed that the citation counts of retracted articles increased. The growing number of retracted articles and frequent citations pose potential dangers from a scientific perspective, as citing retracted articles damages scientific integrity. The study underscores the importance of understanding the reasons for retracted articles and preventing the spread of such incidents in emergency medicine literature. The results, analyzed within various variables, indicate the need for further research and solutions, guiding future research efforts and contributing to the literature. © 2024	Author; Editor; Emergency medicine; Journal; Retracted articles; Withdrawn
Deng K.; Deng X.; Luo H.; Chen L.; Liu Y.; Wang J.; Huang M.; Hu J.; Li T.; Zhou J.	Academic visualization study of aesthetic medicine management and related legal research since 2000	2024	Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology	10.1111/jocd.16327	Background: Aesthetics medicine, a controversial branch of clinical medicine known for its high degree of commercialization, faces numerous conflicts, particularly in some developing countries. The global aesthetics medicine industry requires enhancements of its legal and supervision framework and risk management systems. Aims: This paper aimed to provide a comprehensive visual analysis of academic achievements related to regulatory and legal issues in the field of aesthetic medicine and to identify its development trends and research hotspots. Methods: The Web of Science Core Collection was employed to retrieve relevant studies, resulting in a total of 602 research articles after selection. Utilizing bibliometric methods and CiteSpace, this study analyzed the primary countries, institutions, authors, journals, hotspots, frontiers, and trends in this domain. Results: The findings indicated rapid increases in the number of published papers. The United States emerged as the leading contributor with 131 research papers and the highest intermediate centrality. Eleven keyword clusters were identified, with “adolescence” and “office-based surgery” being the most recent topics. We also analyzed the trends and frontiers of legal research in medical aesthetics. Conclusion: The importance of informed consent has been increasingly emphasized, and research in the field of medical aesthetics has been gradually expanding beyond individual cosmetic procedures. The management system has become more comprehensive, moreover, guidelines and medical laws have been continually published, with research shifting toward a holistic perspective that encompasses patients, medical aesthetic providers, and regulatory authorities in the study of medical aesthetics regulation and legislation. This paper also proposes some innovative directions for future research and applications. © 2024 The Author(s). Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.	cosmetic medicine; law; management; supervision; visualization
Torres-Salinas D.; Orduña-Malea E.; Delgado-Vázquez Á.; Gorraiz J.; Arroyo-Machado W.	Foundations of Narrative Bibliometrics	2024	Journal of Informetrics	10.1016/j.joi.2024.101546	The document 'Foundations of Narrative Bibliometrics' provides an analysis of the evolution of scientific assessment, highlighting the influence of manifestos such as DORA and CoARA in shaping ethical and responsible practices in academia, as well as their assimilation by Spanish scientific policies. It connects this context with the contributions of evaluative bibliometrics, emphasising the transition towards a more integrative approach that advocates for a balance between quantitative and qualitative methods in research evaluation. Furthermore, it underscores how the Narrative Curriculum has emerged as one of the fundamental tools in new evaluation processes, as it allows for the description of the complexity and context of academic achievements. Narrative Bibliometrics is proposed, defined as the use of bibliometric indicators to generate stories that support the defence and exposition of a scientific curriculum and/or its individual contributions within the framework of a scientific evaluation process, which demands narratives. To introduce the reader, it presents, in a non-exhaustive manner, sources, indicators, and practical cases for effectively applying Narrative Bibliometrics in various scientific evaluation contexts. Hence, this document contributes to the responsible use of bibliometric indicators, serving as a tool for evaluators and researchers. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometric indicators; CoARA; Databases; DORA; Evaluative bibliometrics; Narrative Bibliometrics; Narrative curriculum; Narratives; Responsible metrics
Wu K.; Zhang Z.	Knowledge mapping of chronic insomnia: a bibliometric analysis (2000–2023)	2024	Sleep and Breathing	10.1007/s11325-024-03049-6	"Background: Recently, significant scientific research breakthroughs have been witnessed in the treatment of chronic insomnia. However, it seems that there is currently no bibliometric analysis of this. Therefore, we hope to comprehensively review and analyze the scholarly system and research focus in the field of chronic insomnia treatment through bibliometric methods. Methods: Between 2000 and 2023, we explored various papers in relation to the treatment of chronic insomnia in the Web of Science Core Collection(WOSCC) database. Subsequently, the collected papers were subjected to bibliometric analysis utilizing CiteSpace, VOSviewer, and the ""bibliometric"" package in R language. Results: With China and the United States(USA) among them, a total of 2937 papers were published across 49 countries. Publications related to the treatment of chronic insomnia were increasing year by year. The Laval University, Washington University, Pittsburgh University, and Stanford University were key research institutions. The journal Sleep was widely popular in the field and was also one of the most cited journals. These papers came from 148 authors, with Morin, Charles M., Roth, Thomas, Espie, Colin A., Harvey, Allison G., and Buysse, Daniel J. publishing the most papers and Morin, cm being co-cited the most. The treatment process of chronic insomnia can be divided into three main stages: drug intervention, diseases related to chronic insomnia, and cognitive behavioral therapy and mental health. Keywords such as ""children and adolescents"", ""novel coronavirus pneumonia"" (COVID-19), ""mental health"" and ""heart failure"" have become the focus of current research. Conclusions: We carried out a detailed bibliometric review of the development trends and research results of chronic insomnia research through this study for the first time. The information it provides reveals recent research hotspots and cutting-edge issues, providing valuable reference materials for researchers focusing on the treatment of chronic insomnia. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024."	Bibliometrics; Chronic insomnia; CiteSpace; Vosviewer
Elango B.	Letter to the editor of Heliyon re: Mapping sustainability reporting research with the UN's sustainable development goal. Heliyon 9 (2023) e18510	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e34292	This letter to the editor discusses an investigation on sustainability reporting research in line with the UN's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). There was an error found in the Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) calculation in the original research, which was rectified by applying the correct formula. Despite this error, the study's outcomes remained unaffected. It concludes by emphasizing the importance of a systematic approach in academic writing to learn from errors and avoid similar mistakes in the future. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; CAGR; Calculation Error; Compound Annual Growth Rate
Japri N.F.; Majid Z.A.; Ghoshal S.K.; Danial W.H.; See H.H.; Othman M.Z.	On the versatility of graphene-cellulose composites: An overview and bibliometric assessment	2024	Carbohydrate Polymers	10.1016/j.carbpol.2024.121969	Practical benefits of graphene-cellulose composites (GCC) are categorical. Diverse salient features like thermal and electrical conductivity, mechanical strength, and durability make GCC advantageous for widespread applications. Despite extensive studies the basic understanding of various fundamental aspects of this novel complex remains deficient. Based on this fact, a critical overview and bibliometric analysis involving the overall prospects of GCC was made wherein a total of 1245 research articles from the Scopus database published during the year 2002 to 2020 were used. For the bibliometric assessment, various criteria including the publication outputs, co-authorships, affiliated countries, and co-occurrences of the authors' keywords were explored. Environmental amiability, sustainability, economy, and energy efficiency of GCC were emphasized. In addition, the recent trends, upcoming challenges, and applied interests of GCC were highlighted. The findings revealed that the studies on GCC related to the energy storage, adsorption, sensing, and printing are ever-increasing, indicating the global research drifts on GCC. The bibliometric map analysis displayed that among the researchers from 61 countries/territories, China alone contributed about 50 % of the international publications. It is asserted that the current article may offer taxonomy to navigate into the field of GCC wherein stronger collaboration networks can be established worldwide through integrated research activities desirable for sustainable development. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric assessment; Cellulose; GCC; Graphene; Scopus database
Park S.E.; Dagenet C.; Shih T.; Crew A.B.; Shi V.Y.; Hsiao J.L.	The top 100 most cited articles in urticaria: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Archives of Dermatological Research	10.1007/s00403-024-03123-9	[No abstract available]	Acute urticaria; Bibliometric; Chronic urticaria; Treatments; Urticaria
da Veiga C.R.P.; de Moraes A.L.L.; Marques V.G.; da Silva D.M.; da Veiga C.P.	Advancing nursing education in Brazil: A systematic literature review of curricular evolution and emerging challenges	2024	Nurse Education Today	10.1016/j.nedt.2024.106228	Objective: This study assesses changes and challenges within the nursing curriculum in the Brazilian context, focusing on addressing contemporary professional and societal demands. Design: A systematic literature review (SLR) was conducted to identify and analyze the changes in Brazil's nursing curricula over time. Data sources: Articles published between 1987 and 2023 were selected from Scopus and Web of Science databases for the systematic review. Review methods: A hybrid review approach was employed, integrating Systematic Literature Review (SLR), Bibliometrics, and metanarrative. The study adhered to the SPAR-4-SLR (Scientific Procedures and Rationale for Systematic Literature Reviews) protocol, involving three main stages: (i) aggregation, (ii) organization, and (iii) evaluation. The analysis primarily focused on identifying emerging trends and evaluating curricular changes over the specified timeframe. Results: Analysis of the selected literature identified four principal thematic groups that emerged during the review period: (i) longitudinal curriculum assessment, (ii) biological and health sciences, (iii) human and social sciences, and (iv) nursing sciences. Noteworthy trends included the integration of emerging topics like mental health and care for victims of violence, coupled with a notable increase in emphasis on transformative and competency-based education. Nevertheless, significant gaps were observed in the existing literature, particularly concerning the absence of perspectives from students and recent graduates and limited research on vulnerabilities within the curriculum structure. Conclusions: This study underscores the imperative for flexible and adaptable nursing curricula that effectively address Brazil's diverse regional and social realities. It emphasizes the significance of adopting a holistic and inclusive approach to nursing education, preparing professionals to confront contemporary health challenges in a nation characterized by extensive cultural diversity and vast geographical dimensions. Further research and input from students and recent graduates are indispensable to rectify the gaps and ensure the continuous evolution of nursing education in Brazil. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Brazil; Curriculum; Emerging challenges; Nursing education; Review
Wei Z.; Chen F.; Liu H.; Huang R.; Pan K.; Ji W.; Wang J.	Mapping the application research on machine learning in the field of ionic liquids: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Fluid Phase Equilibria	10.1016/j.fluid.2024.114117	The aim was to gain a deep understanding of the research status and application of machine learning in the field of ionic liquids, and to identify the research hotspots and frontiers. Co-occurrence analysis, co-citation analysis, key literature citation temporal analysis and emerging word analysis were used. The results show that the knowledge base of applying machine learning in the field of ionic liquids can be divided into three parts: fundamental properties and application research, thermodynamics and phase equilibrium research, and the combination of machine learning with computational chemistry methods. The research hotspots mainly include the prediction and optimization of properties, the prediction of phase behavior, and research on machine learning algorithms. The current research frontiers in applying machine learning in the field of ionic liquids include the prediction of ionic liquid performance, the structure-property relationships of ionic liquids, and the optimization and design of ionic liquid processes. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Ionic liquids; Machine learning; Mapping analysis; Property prediction
Li S.; Wu S.; Zhang Q.	Visual bibliometric analysis on safety researches of high-alert medications; [高警示药品安全性研究的可视化文献计量学分析]	2024	Adverse Drug Reactions Journal	10.3760/cma.j.cn114015-20231113-00801	Objective To understand the safety research status of high‑alert medications (HAM) at home and abroad. Methods Literature related to HAM published in Chinese and English in CNKI and Web of Science databases were searched and imported into CiteSpace 6.1.R6 software. The authors, institu‑ tions, and keywords of the included literature were analyzed quantitatively to form visual network maps. Results A total of 992 literature in Chinese and 612 literature in English were included. The number of literature in Chinese has increased rapidly since the first relevant article in 2009, reached the peak number in 2019, and then decreased in the past 3 years. The first paper in English was published in 1991, and the literature number has shown a slow and continuous upward trend since then. Among literature in English, the United States made the most contribution to the development in research field of AHM (233 articles, 38.1%) and had the greatest influence (node centrality 0.73). The institutions contributed the most in the number of relevant publications in Chinese and English were the Pharmacy Department of Peking University Third Hospital (11 articles) and Harvard Medical School (10 articles), respectively. However, compared with papers in English, there was less cooperation between the authors or their institutions of those in Chinese. The results of keywords analysis showed that papers in Chinese usually focused on the management of HAM, while those in English focused on the research of HAM-related medication errors and adverse drug events; in recent years, the research focuses in Chinese papers were patient satisfaction and management quality, while the English papers paid more attention to the clinical research on medication risks of HAM and drug safety. Conclusions The research on HAM in China started late, but developed rapidly. Compared with the literature in English, the influence of research in China is not enough, and there is a lack of cooperation between institutions or authors. The Chinese researches mainly focus on the management of HAM, and the clinical researches on the risks of different HAM and the prevention strategies of medication errors are relatively insufficient. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Data visualization; High-alert medications; Medication safety
Zong H.; Yi W.; Antwi-Afari M.F.; Yu Y.	Fatigue in construction workers: A systematic review of causes, evaluation methods, and interventions	2024	Safety Science	10.1016/j.ssci.2024.106529	Construction is a highly hazardous industry characterized by numerous occupational fatalities, injuries, and illnesses, with fatigue identified as a major causal factor. To prevent construction accident fatalities and injuries, extensive research efforts have been directed toward fatigue among construction workers. However, no systematic review has been reported regarding the identification, evaluation, control, and management of fatigue among construction workers. To elucidate the state-of-the-art research, uncover related issues, and propose potential improvements, this study presents a systematic review of fatigue-related research on construction workers, focusing on the causes of fatigue, evaluation methods, and related interventions. Based on a mixed-review approach combining systematic review and bibliometric analysis, this study examines the evolution of research themes and methods related to worker fatigue and highlights key findings. The analysis reveals various causes of worker fatigue, including work-related, environmental, and personal factors. Additionally, this study highlights subjective and objective practical methods for measuring, monitoring, and predicting worker fatigue and describes interventions to alleviate fatigue, from individual- to industry-level measures. Moreover, the relevant research challenges are identified, and future research directions are recommended. The findings of this study can promote further research on construction worker fatigue and contribute to the enhancement of occupational health and safety in the construction industry. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Construction health and safety; Mental fatigue; Physical fatigue; Systematic review
Dobrucali E.; Sadikoglu E.; Demirkesen S.; Zhang C.; Tezel A.; Kiral I.A.	A bibliometric analysis of digital technologies use in construction health and safety	2024	Engineering, Construction and Architectural Management	10.1108/ECAM-08-2022-0798	Purpose: Construction is a risky industry. Therefore, organizations are seeking ways towards improving their safety performance. Among these, the integration of technology into health and safety leads to enhanced safety performance. Considering the benefits observed in using technology in safety, this study aims to explore digital technologies' use and potential benefits in construction health and safety. Design/methodology/approach: An extensive bibliometrics analysis was conducted to reveal which technologies are at the forefront of others and how these technologies are used in safety operations. The study used two different databases, Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus, to scan the literature in a systemic way. Findings: The systemic analysis of several studies showed that the digital technologies use in construction are still a niche theme and need more assessment. The study provided that sensors and wireless technology are of utmost importance in terms of construction safety. Moreover, the study revealed that artificial intelligence, machine learning, building information modeling (BIM), sensors and wireless technologies are trending technologies compared to unmanned aerial vehicles, serious games and the Internet of things. On the other hand, the study provided that the technologies are even more effective with integrated use like in the case of BIM and sensors or unmanned aerial vehicles. It was observed that the use of these technologies varies with respect to studies conducted in different countries. The study further revealed that the studies conducted on this topic are mostly published in some selected journals and international collaboration efforts in terms of researching the topic have been observed. Originality/value: This study provides an extensive analysis of WoS and Scopus databases and an in-depth review of the use of digital technologies in construction safety. The review consists of the most recent studies showing the benefits of using such technologies and showing the usage on a systemic level from which both scientists and practitioners can benefit to devise new strategies in technology usage. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics analysis; Construction safety; Digital technologies
Afuye G.A.; Nduku L.; Kalumba A.M.; Santos C.A.G.; Orimoloye I.R.; Ojeh V.N.; Thamaga K.H.; Sibandze P.	Global trend assessment of land use and land cover changes: A systematic approach to future research development and planning	2024	Journal of King Saud University - Science	10.1016/j.jksus.2024.103262	The diverse landscape of global land use and land cover (LULC) change studies were evaluated to uncover the current advances in data and future research potential through bibliometrics and the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) approach. A total of 2710 published articles with the search phrase “Land use and Land cover change” OR “Land-use and Land cover change” OR “Land use/Land cover change” OR “Land use and Land cover changes” were retrieved using Scopus, Web of Science (WOS), and ScienceDirect databases from 1993 to 2022. The findings indicated a 24.37% annual growth rate in LULC change studies, reflecting a rapid overall increase in published articles. China and the USA emerged as the most influential countries regarding article numbers, total citations, and single-country publications. Ethiopia, Ghana, and South Africa, among the top 20 global rankings of the most influential countries in LULC change studies, underscore the global importance of this research. However, the disparity in research output between multiple-country publications and the dominant trend of single-country publications highlights a geographical bias in LULC change studies, particularly in the Global South. This finding underscores the need for a more balanced research approach and can stimulate further investigation. The results also revealed that remote sensing, a rapidly growing field utilising advanced computing techniques, is the most prevalent keyword and has significant applications in reducing land degradation. These findings can significantly enhance research, climate policy programs, land management, and forest ecology planning, which are crucial in the face of the growing demand for agriculture and habitable land. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Land cover changes; Land use; PRISMA; Remote sensing
Zhang X.; Li B.; Mao J.; Richolsik; Zhang R.; Faiz S.; Zhao M.	A Bibliometric and Visualisation Analysis on the Research of Female Genital Plastic Surgery Based on the Web of Science Core Collection Database	2024	Aesthetic Plastic Surgery	10.1007/s00266-024-03983-6	Background and Objectives: Due to the increasing demand for improving the morphology and function of the external genitalia amongst women, it is necessary to conduct statistical analysis of research data on female genital reconstruction. The current study aimed to use bibliometric analysis to analyse the research hotspots and trend frontiers of the female genital reconstructive research. Methods: Publications on the female genital reconstructive research were extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection database. VOSviewer 1.6.18 was used to establish visualisation maps and find top authors, institutions, countries, burst keywords, co-cited authors, journals, research hotspots, and trends. Results: A total of 2207 studies published by 364 different journals authored by 7479 researchers were contained in this study. In the co-authorship analysis, the bulk of the retrieved studies was conducted by the USA, followed by England, Italy, and Netherlands, whilst the most productive institution, journal, and author were U.S. Univ Calif San Francisco, Journal of Sexual Medicine, and Bouman Mark-Bram, respectively. In the co-cited analysis, the top most-cited author and journal were Hage JJ and Journal of Sexual Medicine, respectively. The map of keywords occurrence revealed the most active research aspects were focussed on “vaginoplasty”, “feminised genitoplasty”, “laser treatment of vaginal atrophy”, “transsexualism”, and “labiaplasty”. The time overlay mapping showed that the study of female genital plastic surgery focusses on the energetic treatment of genitourinary syndromes caused by transsexualism and menopause, especially by using management and treatment of vulvovaginal atrophy for the research trends, and through the vaginoplasty, feminising genioplasty, and laser treatments in the direction of treatments related to physical and mental problems. Interpretation and Conclusions: This novel inclusive bibliometric analysis can help research workers to quickly understand the potential and active researchers, landmark studies, and topics within their interests. We are willing to provide more beneficial data to contribute valuable research of female genital plastic surgery through this study. Level of Evidence III: The journal asks authors to assign a level of evidence to each article. For a complete description of Evidence-Based Medicine ratings, see the Table of Contents or the online Instructions for Authors at www.springer.com/00266. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature and International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Female genital cosmetic surgery; Labial reduction; Vaginal tightening; Vulvovaginoplasty
Pur D.R.; Iordanous Y.; Bursztyn L.L.	Research productivity of first-year Canadian ophthalmology residents: a 12-year trend	2024	Canadian Journal of Ophthalmology	10.1016/j.jcjo.2023.06.001	Objective: Research experience is one criterion of the selection process for applicants to residency training programs. We aim to quantify temporal trends in research productivity of medical students who matched into a canadian ophthalmology residency program. Design: Retrospective database review. Participants: A total of 465 residents commencing ophthalmology training from 2010 to 2022 in 15 Canadian ophthalmology residency programs. Methods: The names of all residents commencing training in ophthalmology in all Canadian programs from 2010 to 2022 were identified. Bibliometric data including publication count and type, authorship position, and H-index corresponding to the match year were extracted from the Scopus database. Descriptive and univariate statistics were used to characterize and assess trends in research productivity. Results: A total of 461 ophthalmology residents (99% complete data set) from all 15 residency programs representing 1179 publications, including 679 ophthalmology-related publications, were identified. Most publications were original research (676; 58%), followed by case reports and letters (324; 27%) and reviews (162; 14%). Overall, 62% of residents had at least 1 publication at the time of the match, with a mean of 2.56 ± 3.49 publications and a mean H-index of 1.03 ± 1.48 publications. There was a significant increase (p < 0.001) in all research productivity metrics except senior authorship in the period 2019–2022 compared with 2010–2018. Notably, 91% of residents had ≥1 publication in 2022 compared with 38% in 2010. Conclusion: First-year ophthalmology resident publication productivity doubled from 2010–2016 to 2017–2022 suggesting a greater emphasis on scholarly work from medical trainees, a trend similar to that reported in other specialties. © 2023 Canadian Ophthalmological Society	N/A
Nohria A.; Desai D.; Lo Sicco K.; Shapiro J.	"Comment on Luo et al.'s ""A Bibliometrics of the Treatment of Alopecia Areata in the Past Twenty Years"""	2024	Dermatology	10.1159/000538801	[No abstract available]	Alopecia areata; Google trends; Public knowledge; Research trends
Zheng Y.; Gong R.; Du Z.; Yu C.; Lian A.	Analysis and visualization of the research progress on surgical smoke	2024	Ecotoxicology and Environmental Safety	10.1016/j.ecoenv.2024.116671	Background: With the advancement of medical technology, tools such as electrosurgical equipment, laser knives, and ultrasonic scalpels have made modern medical procedures more convenient and effective. However, the generation of surgical smoke during these procedures poses significant health risks to medical personnel. Despite this, only a few studies have examined the literature systematically in this area. By analyzing bibliometric data on surgical smoke, we can gain insights into current research hotspots and forecast future trends. Methods: This study included literature related to surgical smoke from the Web of Science and China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) databases, covering the period from 2000 to 2024. We used VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and BioBERT to visualize research trends and hotspots. Results: In the early stages of research, the focus was mainly on the composition, generation mechanisms, and susceptible populations related to surgical smoke. In recent years, with the development of laparoscopic surgery and the global COVID-19 pandemic, research interests have shifted towards occupational protection of healthcare workers and public health. Currently, the research in this field primarily explores the promoting effects of surgical smoke on conditions such as inflammation and tumors, as well as occupational protection and health education for healthcare workers. Disease research focuses heavily on Smoke Inhalation Injury, Infections, Neoplasms, Postoperative Complications, and Inflammation. Conclusion: We explored future research directions in the field of surgical smoke using VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and BioBERT. Our findings indicate that current research focuses on investigating the promoting effects of surgical smoke on conditions such as inflammation and tumors, as well as on occupational protection and health education for healthcare workers. We summarized existing preventive measures, aiming to facilitate further research advancements and the translation of research outcomes into clinical results. These efforts provide new insights for advancing research in occupational protection of healthcare workers. © 2024	Bibliometric; BioBERT; CiteSpace; Knowledge map; Surgical smoke; VOSviewer
Nedbal C.; Cerrato C.; Jahrreiss V.; Pietropaolo A.; Galosi A.B.; Castellani D.; Somani B.K.	Trends of “Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Virtual Reality, and Radiomics in Urolithiasis” over the Last 30 Years (1994–2023) as Published in the Literature (PubMed): A Comprehensive Review	2024	Journal of Endourology	10.1089/end.2023.0263	Purpose: To analyze the bibliometric publication trend on the application of “Artificial Intelligence (AI) and its subsets (Machine Learning–ML, Virtual reality–VR, Radiomics) in Urolithiasis” over 3 decades. We looked at the publication trends associated with AI and stone disease, including both clinical and surgical applications, and training in endourology. Methods: Through a MeshTerms research on PubMed, we performed a comprehensive review from 1994–2023 for all published articles on “AI, ML, VR, and Radiomics.” Articles were then divided into three categories as follows: A-Clinical (Nonsurgical), B-Clinical (Surgical), and C-Training articles, and articles were then assigned to following three periods: Period-1 (1994–2003), Period-2 (2004–2013), and Period-3 (2014–2023). Results: A total of 343 articles were noted (Groups A-129, B-163, and C-51), and trends increased from Period-1 to Period-2 at 123% (p = 0.009) and to period-3 at 453% (p = 0.003). This increase from Period-2 to Period-3 for groups A, B, and C was 476% (p = 0.019), 616% (0.001), and 185% (p < 0.001), respectively. Group A articles included rise in articles on “stone characteristics” (+2100%; p = 0.011), “renal function” (p = 0.002), “stone diagnosis” (+192%), “prediction of stone passage” (+400%), and “quality of life” (+1000%). Group B articles included rise in articles on “URS” (+2650%, p = 0.008), “PCNL”(+600%, p = 0.001), and “SWL” (+650%, p = 0.018). Articles on “Targeting” (+453%, p < 0.001), “Outcomes” (+850%, p = 0.013), and “Technological Innovation” (p = 0.0311) had rising trends. Group C articles included rise in articles on “PCNL” (+300%, p = 0.039) and “URS” (+188%, p = 0.003). Conclusion: Publications on AI and its subset areas for urolithiasis have seen an exponential increase over the last decade, with an increase in surgical and nonsurgical clinical areas, as well as in training. Future AI related growth in the field of endourology and urolithiasis is likely to improve training, patient centered decision-making, and clinical outcomes. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.	AI; kidney calculi; PCNL; shockwave lithotripsy; simulation; ureteroscopy; urolithiasis
Najafzadeh M.; Abbasianjahromi H.; Zomorodi S.	Industry 4.0 and Construction Contract Management: A Bibliometric Survey	2024	Journal of Legal Affairs and Dispute Resolution in Engineering and Construction	10.1061/JLADAH.LADR-988	Contract management, which directly impacts the success of architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) projects, has been affected by the application of Industry 4.0 (I4.0) technologies. This study extensively reviewed the I4.0 application in contract management using a hybrid approach of bibliometrics and a systematic literature review to capture this trend. Scopus and Web of Science were selected as the papers' databases, and 203 papers were filtered from a total of 2,524 papers from 2011 until the end of 2022. The bibliometric analysis explored and analyzed large volumes of data in six areas: publication year, journal, country, author, methodology, and keyword. The systematic literature review discovered eight key topics regarding I4.0 application and implication areas in the contract management of the AEC industry, including tender/bid phase, cost estimation, BIM contractual requirements, smart contracts, analyzing and monitoring contracts, claim and dispute management, information management and traceability, intellectual property rights; and regarding each topic, relevant I4.0 technologies were identified. Finally, benefits, challenges, and gaps of the literature were identified based on systematic analysis results. This paper contributes to the body of knowledge by identifying and synthesizing the current status of the research subject, and providing the researchers with the study's theoretical and practical contributions. © 2024 American Society of Civil Engineers.	Architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) industry; Bibliometric analysis; Content analysis; Contract lifecycle management; Contract management; Industry 4.0 (I4.0); Systematic literature review
Man C.; Liu T.; Yan S.; Xie Q.; Liu H.	Research status and hotspots of patient engagement: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Patient Education and Counseling	10.1016/j.pec.2024.108306	Objective: This analysis aimed to examine current global trends in patient engagement research and identify critical focus areas. Methods: We searched the Web of Science Core Collection database for pertinent literature from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2022. CiteSpace and VOSviewer were used for information analysis. Results: The bibliometric analysis covered 11,386 documents from 140 countries/regions, featuring contributions from 12,731 organizations and 45,489 authors. The United States and The University of Toronto were the most prolific country and institution. Leading researchers in publications and citations included Hibbard JH, Elwyn G, Legare F, and Street RL. Patient Education and Counseling led among journals. Conclusion: Patient engagement research has experienced significant growth over the past two decades. The core of patient engagement research includes concepts, content, practical frameworks, impact assessment, and barriers. The current research focal points revolve around interventions for chronic disease patients, integrating digital health technologies to improve engagement, and incorporating patient-reported outcomes (PROs) into healthcare delivery. Practice implications: This study unveils key trends and emphasizes global collaboration, strategic focus on chronic disease interventions, integration of digital health technologies, and the pivotal role of PROs. Embracing these insights promises to optimize healthcare practices and empower patients on a global scale. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric; Digital health technology; Patient engagement; Patient-reported outcome
Silva M.C.; do Nascimento Monte C.; de Souza J.R.; Selfe A.C.C.; Ishihara J.H.	Mapping of metals contamination in coastal sediments around the world in the last decades: A bibliometric analysis and systematic review	2024	Marine Pollution Bulletin	10.1016/j.marpolbul.2024.116572	The quality of coastal sediments contaminated by metals has been discussed for decades worldwide. However, there is a lack of information on the current situation and trends in this research field. For this reason, this is the first study to present an integrated analysis of bibliometric mapping and systematic review, using the Scopus database. The subject has grown exponentially, with a notable increase in citations and predicted increases for the coming years. The Chinese Academy of Sciences and Chinese authors were highlighted. The main areas of study were the Yellow Sea, Adriatic Sea and Persian Gulf. The main metals related were Cu, Pb, Zn, Cr and Cd, linked to anthropogenic sources such as agriculture, domestic sewage and mining and industry activities. The IGEO proved to be the main index for assessing pollution. This research is useful for pointing out the needs of future research, supporting the development of this topic. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Anthropogenic sources; Copper; Ecological risks; IGEO; Sediment contamination
Liu J.; Hu Y.; Lu W.	A review of research on the relationship between grasslands and human activities	2024	Ecological Indicators	10.1016/j.ecolind.2024.112178	Due to their ecological sensitivity and limited resource availability, grasslands are exceptionally vulnerable to environmental changes and human activities. However, comprehensive and in-depth analyses of the interplay between grasslands and human activities remain scarce. This study employed bibliometrics and critical paper analysis to scrutinize 4738 publications from 2000 to 2023. The findings reveal that: (1) Since 2000, research on grassland-human activity interactions has evolved and intensified, spanning diverse disciplines including environmental ecology, plant science, agricultural science, and biodiversity conservation. A notable trend is the relative clustering of scholars and research institutions within Eastern and Western countries and within national boundaries. China leads in publication volume, whereas the United States exerts greater influence in the international collaborative network. (2) Approximately 80% of the highly co-citation literature concentrates on elucidating scientific knowledge, particularly the impact of human activities on vegetation characteristics, grassland communities, and ecosystems. Research hotspots predominantly encompass European grasslands, North America's Great Plains, and the Tibetan Plateau grasslands in China. The remaining 20% focuses on methodological advancements and tools, with frequent utilization of R language, PC-ORD, and Google Earth Engine (GEE). (3) Initial studies (2000–2005) primarily investigated the effects of specific anthropogenic activities on grassland biomes at a community level through experimental observations. Subsequent research (2006–2013) shifted towards exploring the overarching characteristics and transformations of grassland rangelands at regional scales, heavily relying on remote sensing technologies. More recent studies (2014–2023) have emphasized a comprehensive, quantitative appraisal of the multifaceted impacts of internal and external stressors on grassland ecosystems. This study enhances the understanding of the historical trajectory of grassland-anthropogenic relationship research, highlighting pivotal knowledge and collaborative tools. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric review; Driving mechanism; Grasslands; Human activities; Interplay
Tian C.; Chen Y.; Tan X.	Impacts of molecular drivers in aortic dissection	2024	Clinical and Translational Discovery	10.1002/ctd2.323	Background: Aortic dissection (AD) is a lethal cardiovascular emergency involving high mortality and disability. However, its specific pathogenesis remains to be elucidated. Methods: A bibliometric analysis based on the Web of Science database, VOSviewer software and Citex platforms was conducted to have a knowledge of the development trends, frontiers and hot spots of AD. Subsequently, the top five AD-related genes from the titles and abstracts of published literature were searched. Lastly, the roles of the top five genes and their encoded proteins in the onset of AD were reviewed. Results: The bibliometrics showed that most studies are exploring the molecular drivers related to AD, especially gene mutations. The top five AD-related genes were transforming growth factor-β (TGFB)-related genes, elastin (ELN), fibrillin-1 (FBN1), angiotensinogen (AGT) and matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP9). In particular, regulation of the structure of elastic fiber by TGFB-related genes, ELN and FBN1, appears to be the principal mechanism contributing to AD onset. Activation of the renin-angiotensin system is the principal mechanism by which AGT triggers AD. MMP9 promotes the formation and development of AD by degrading extracellular matrix components. Conclusion: TGFB, ELN, FBN1, AGT and MMP9 are the five top molecular drivers of AD, providing a comprehensive mechanistic insight into AD. © 2024 The Author(s). Clinical and Translational Discovery published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Shanghai Institute of Clinical Bioinformatics.	AGT; aortic dissection; ELN; FBN1; MMP9; molecular drivers; TGFB
Lymbery A.J.; Lymbery S.J.	Equal rights for parasites: Are we there yet?	2024	International Journal for Parasitology: Parasites and Wildlife	10.1016/j.ijppaw.2024.100945	[No abstract available]	N/A
Boshoff N.; Ngwenya S.; Koch S.; Dudek J.; Strelnyk O.; Costas R.; Uisso A.J.	Geographical inequalities in global forest science: A bibliometric perspective	2024	Forest Policy and Economics	10.1016/j.forpol.2024.103250	This bibliometric study is situated in the context of increasing awareness of inequalities in forest science. It was led by a single, core question: What geographical inequalities structure global forest science and how do they align with the natural geographical distribution of forest areas? Bourdieu's field theory was used to investigate the inequalities, focusing on three types of capital considered important for participation in global science: scientific capital (products of knowledge and acts of recognition), collaboration capital, and funding capital. To operationalise the types of capital for bibliometric analysis, eight regional-level indicators and seven country-level indicators were developed. The Dimensions database served as the data source to extract relevant publications in forest science from 2000 to 2021 based on the database's publication-level field classification. Forest-related research needs were determined using non-bibliometric data, specifically the extent of cover per region and country. This enabled the calculation of disparity ratios between the world shares of forest publications and the world shares of forests. The results highlight persisting inequalities in the distribution of different forms of capital in global science, as well as (mis)alignment with the geographical distribution of forest areas. While the Bourdieusian assumption that “capital breeds capital” seems to apply to two dominant regions (Europe and Northern America), explaining their continued centrality as loci of forest science, it does not seem to apply more generally. The study points to a mismatch between research foci and needs, which is concerning given the importance of place and context in forest science. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometrics; Bourdieu; Forest science; Inequality; Scientific capital
Tahir H.	Optimization of energy storage systems for integration of renewable energy sources — A bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Energy Storage	10.1016/j.est.2024.112497	Considering the critical nature of climate change mitigation, it is imperative to boost the integration of renewable energy sources (RES) into the power system. Nevertheless, increasing the utilization of these resources is hindered by their high volatility and unpredictability. Energy storage system (ESS) deployments in recent times have effectively resolved these concerns. To contribute to the body of knowledge regarding the optimization of ESS size for renewable energy integration, this article provides a bibliometric overview and analysis of the topic. Using the web of science and SCOPUS databases, a preliminary search was performed during the initial week of October 2023, resulting in the selection of 241 manuscripts for further screening. The research conducted an analysis of various factors, including the publication trend by year, the leading journals, the geographic distribution of publications, the most prolific authors, the most cited articles, and the key subject areas. A network analysis concerning the most frequently used keywords and bibliographic coupling across various countries was presented. Furthermore, an extensive examination is conducted on the content of the chosen manuscripts, resulting in a thorough discussion on various themes. These include the volume and resolution of the input data, the representative scenarios, the software tool and optimization algorithm utilized, the commonly discussed types of ESS and RES, and the operation mode of the system. Moreover, the number of studies which incorporated variations in load during the design process and the type of study are quantified. The findings indicate a positive trajectory in the number of publications pertaining to the subject of interest. The selected literature was published in a total of 61 distinct journals, with ‘Energy’ holding the most publications. China emerged as the leading contributor in terms of number of publications and the most prolific authors. Furthermore, the network analysis identified renewable energy, optimization, microgrid and battery energy storage as the most frequently used keywords. The content analysis reveals that the most frequently addressed themes in the literature are the hourly resolution of the data (81 %), representative days (94 %), meta-heuristic algorithms (46 %), MATLAB software tool (50 %), battery ESS (65 %), hybrid RES (52 %), and grid-connected mode of operation (79 %). Finally, valuable insights and future recommendations are offered based on the findings. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Energy storage system; Optimization; Renewable energy integration; Research trends; Uncertainty
Li X.; Sun Y.	Global Trends in Research Related to Emergence Agitation From 1978 to 2023: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Journal of Perianesthesia Nursing	10.1016/j.jopan.2023.10.017	Purpose: Emergence agitation (EA) is a postoperative behavioral disorder characterized by a lack of connection between consciousness and behavior. Despite its clinical importance and prevalence in the postoperative setting, the research focus and knowledge structure remain to be systematically mapped. Therefore, we conducted a bibliometric analysis from 1978 to 2023 to address this gap. This study aims to excavate research hotspots, map knowledge structure, uncover emerging trends, and provide invaluable insights for guiding future research endeavors. Design: A bibliometric analysis of emergency agitation. Methods: We conducted a literature search in the Web of Science Core Collection for articles on EA published between 1978 and 2023. We collected data on countries, institutions, journals, authors, citations, and keywords. Subsequently, we comprehensively analyzed the gathered knowledge units using three tools, including VOSviewer, HistCite Pro, and ArcGIS Pro. Findings: From 1978 to 2023, we retrieved 948 pieces of literature on EA, with the number of publications increasing yearly. China ranked first in the number of publications (n = 253, 26.69%). The United States was the most cited and influential country, closely collaborating with other countries (5,661 citations, H-index 57, citations per publication 37.99, total link strength [TLS] 24). Yonsei University was the most productive and influential institution (n = 18, 1.9%, 427 citations, H-index 12, citations per publication 23.72). Shanghai Jiao Tong University had close collaborative relationships with other universities (TLS 7). The journal with the most publications and influence was Pediatric Anaesthesia (n = 46, 4.92%, H-index 32). Anaesthesia and Analgesia was the most cited journal (2,849 citations). M.T. Aouad was the most influential and productive author devoted to studying EA (n = 6, 0.63%, 173 citations, TLS 3,002). The most influential reference was “Greater incidence of delirium during recovery from sevoflurane anaesthesia in preschool boys” (author J. Aono, No. 19, IF = 8.8, Q1, local citation score 147). Hot research directions in EA include EA and emergence delirium, propofol and EA, risk factors of EA, EA in pediatric anaesthesia, dexmedetomidine, and EA induced by sevoflurane. Esketamine, nalbuphine, sugammadex, and dezocine are drugs that have received increased attention in recent years. Conclusions: The study mapped the knowledge structure of EA and identified six prominent research directions, four drugs of significant research interest, and emerging thematic trends. These findings offer insights into the current state of research on EA, providing a comprehensive view of the field's landscape. © 2024 The American Society of PeriAnesthesia Nurses	bibliometric analysis; emergency agitation; global trends
Rodríguez-Martín M.; Domingo R.; Ribeiro J.	Mapping and prospective of additive manufacturing in the context of Industry 4.0 and 5.0	2024	Rapid Prototyping Journal	10.1108/RPJ-11-2023-0410	Purpose: This study aims to investigate the scientific impact of additive manufacturing in recent years, considering its evolution as an Industry 4.0 technology and also in the current context of Industry 5.0. For this aim, advanced statistics and scientometric tools have been used. Design/methodology/approach: This study aims to explore the trends and impacts of additive manufacturing, focusing on its evolution and its relationship with Industry 4.0 and 5.0. For this purpose, a scientometric study and a meta-analysis of data extracted from the scientific Scopus database have been carried out. R programming and specific bibliometric software have been used to conduct the research. Initially, the data were evaluated from various perspectives, including sources, topics and impact indexes, to assess trends derived from the volume of publications, the impact of sources and affiliations, as well as the production segmented by country and the relationships between authors from different countries. Subsequently, a meta-analysis on keywords has been carried out using two distinct clustering methodologies: link strength and fractionalization. The results obtained were compared to establish a specific taxonomy of the AM subtopics, considering AM as a single body of knowledge related to Industries 4.0 and 5.0 paradigms. The analyses carried out have shown the impact and strong evolution of additive manufacturing as a field of knowledge at the world level, both from the point of view of manufacturing processes and from the point of view of materials science. In addition, some differences have been detected depending on the country. As a result of the meta-analysis, four different subtopics have been detected, some of which are highly related to other technologies and approaches in Industries 4.0 and 5.0 paradigms. Additionally, it establishes a comprehensive taxonomy for AM research, serving as a foundational reference for future studies aimed at exploring the evolution and transformative impact of this technology. Findings: The analyses carried out have shown the impact and strong evolution of additive manufacturing as a field of knowledge at the world level, both from the point of view of manufacturing processes and from the point of view of materials science. In addition, some differences have been detected depending on the country. As a result of the meta-analysis, four different subtopics have been detected: one of them directly related to the use of recently developed Industry 4.0 technologies in additive manufacturing. The results provide a starting point for prospective studies to understand the evolution and disruption of this technology. Originality/value: The paper is original and is based on data systematically extracted from scientific databases. Then, a specific methodology based on different advanced tools was applied for scientometric evaluation and meta-analysis. © 2024, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Additive manufacturing (AM); Bibliometric analysis; Industry 4.0; Manufacturing; Meta-analysis
Song X.; Luo Z.; Huang D.; Xiao L.; Zou K.	The Top 100 Cited Articles Focusing on Acute Lung Injury and ARDS: Bibliometric and Visualization Analyses	2024	Respiratory care	10.4187/respcare.11616	"BACKGROUND: In recent years, acute lung injury (ALI) and ARDS have emerged as critical health concerns, drawing considerable attention from clinicians. The volume of published articles on ALI/ARDS is on the rise, indicating the expanding research interest in this field. However, the precise quantity and quality of studies on ALI/ARDS remain unclear. Consequently, we employed bibliometric and visual techniques to comprehensively analyze the patterns and focal points of these articles. METHODS: To investigate the characteristics of highly referenced papers on ALI/ARDS and offer insights into the progress and advancements in research on ALI/ARDS, we conducted a comprehensive search in the core Web of Science database for cited articles using the terms ""ALI,"" ""acute lung injury,"" ""ARDS,"" or ""acute respiratory distress syndrome."" A total of 60,282 citations were retrieved by narrowing the scope to reviews, articles, and publications in English. From the obtained citations, we selected materials for analysis from the top 100 articles with the highest number of citations. Subsequently, the articles were visualized and analyzed using VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and bibliometric techniques. This analysis focused on identifying trends related to authors, journals, countries, institutions, collaborative networks, key words, and other relevant factors in the field of ALI/ARDS research. RESULTS: Among the top 100 cited articles, the highest and lowest number of citations were 6,957 and 451, respectively. The 100 articles were published between 1991-2020, with a peak in publications observed in 2004, 2005, and 2012 (no. = 7). Among 29 journals, The New England Journal of Medicine (no. = 21) had the highest number of publications, followed by the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine (no. = 14). Among the 29 countries represented in the top 100 cited articles, the United States (no. = 51) emerged as the leading country in the number of publications, followed by Canada (no. = 19) (there was some overlap in paper output between countries due to co-publication). The 3 predominant keywords identified in studies within the ALI/ARDS domain were ALI, mechanical ventilation, and PEEP. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides a historical perspective on the scientific advancements in ALI/ARDS research, highlighting the need for further investigation and development in specific areas within the field. Bibliometric analyses revealed that the United States is the predominant force in the field of ALI/ARDS, contributing significantly to its development. Through an examination of highly cited papers on ALI/ARDS, we have identified global research trends, assessed the quality of studies, and identified hot topics in the field of ALI/ARDS. Copyright © 2024 by Daedalus Enterprises."	acute lung injury; ARDS; bibliometric analyses; citations; CiteSpace; visual analyses
Pokharel A.; Luitel N.; Khatri A.; Khadka S.; Shrestha R.	Review on the evolving role of infrared thermography in oncological applications	2024	Infrared Physics and Technology	10.1016/j.infrared.2024.105399	In recent years, researchers have increasingly explored the application of thermography for premature cancer detection without resorting to invasive procedures. This comprehensive review article investigates how thermography is applied in the field of cancer research with a focus on different types of cancers but excludes an in-depth analysis of breast cancer due to the abundance of pre-existing online literature. During the literature collection phase, a bibliometric and scientometric analysis was done to showcase the work done in this particular domain. The review is organized firstly with an overview of medical thermography fundamentals followed by its principles and applications. Concurrently, this review article highlights various medical thermography techniques providing some insights into the diverse approach medical professionals employ. As the exploration deepens into thermography, the literature covers image acquisition and processing methods followed by the computational tools utilized for comprehensive analysis of thermograms. At the core of this review is an in-depth illustration of the state-of-the-art outcomes of diverse researchers. The review studies their objectives and achievements therefore offering insights into the evolving methodologies and findings within thermography-based cancer research over time. The bibliographic data for review was primarily extracted using Google ScholarTM whereas the Scopus database was used to extract bibliographic data for the scientometric mapping. The primary goal of this review article is to synthesize this collective knowledge, providing a clear understanding of how the application of thermography contributes to the field of oncology. The purpose of this review article is to serve as a valuable resource for researchers by placing the basis for additional progressions in this dynamic emerging field. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Diagnostics; Image processing; Infrared thermography; Medical applications; Oncology
Chen Q.-K.; Xiang X.-H.; Yan P.; Liu S.-Y.	Enhancing strategies of photosynthetic hydrogen production from microalgae: Differences in hydrogen production between prokaryotic and eukaryotic algae	2024	Bioresource Technology	10.1016/j.biortech.2024.131029	Hydrogen production through the metabolic bypass of microalgae photosynthesis is an environmentally friendly method. This review examines the genetic differences in hydrogen production between prokaryotic and eukaryotic microalgae. Additionally, the pathways for enhancing microalgae-based photosynthetic hydrogen generation are summarized. The main strategies for enhancing microalgal hydrogen production involve inhibiting the oxygen-generating process of photosynthesis and promoting the oxygen tolerance of hydrogenase. Future research is needed to explore the regulation of physiological metabolism through quorum sensing in microalgae to enhance photosynthetic hydrogen production. Moreover, effective evaluation of carbon emissions and sequestration across the entire photosynthetic hydrogen production process is crucial for determining the sustainability of microalgae-based production approaches through comprehensive lifecycle assessment. This review elucidates the prospects and challenges associated with photosynthetic hydrogen production by microalgae. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Algal-bacterial symbiosis; Bibliometric; Microalgae species; Oxygen tolerance; Quorum sensing
Carollo A.; Esposito G.	Hyperscanning literature after two decades of neuroscientific research: A scientometric review	2024	Neuroscience	10.1016/j.neuroscience.2024.05.045	Hyperscanning, a neuroimaging approach introduced in 2002 for simultaneously recording the brain activity of multiple participants, has significantly contributed to our understanding of social interactions. Nevertheless, the existing literature requires systematic organization to advance our knowledge. This study, after two decades of hyperscanning research, aims to identify the primary thematic domains and the most influential documents in the field. We conducted a scientometric analysis to examine co-citation patterns quantitatively, using a sample of 548 documents retrieved from Scopus and their 32,022 cited references. Our analysis revealed ten major thematic domains in hyperscanning research, with the most impactful document authored by Czeszumski and colleagues in 2020. Notably, while hyperscanning was initially developed for functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), our findings indicate a substantial influence of research conducted using electroencephalography (EEG) and functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS). The introduction of fNIRS and advancements in EEG methods have enabled the implementation of more ecologically valid experiments for investigating social interactions. The study also highlights the need for more research that combines multi-brain neural stimulation with neuroimaging techniques to understand the causal role played by interpersonal neural synchrony in social interactions. © 2024 The Author(s)	hyperscanning; neuroimaging; scientometrics; second-person neuroscience; social neuroscience
Al Qudah S.M.A.; Fuentes-Bargues J.L.; Ferrer-Gisbert P.S.	Bibliometric analysis of the literature on risk management in the construction sector: Exploring current and future trends	2024	Ain Shams Engineering Journal	10.1016/j.asej.2024.102843	The literature's current state of the art and future research directions for risk management in the construction sector are described and analyzed in this paper. Web of Science and VOSviewer-Based Literature: A Bibliometric and Visualization Tool. A web of science core collection of 676 research publications on risk management and the construction sector written between 2000 and 2021 was examined. The work investigates cluster analysis, co-occurrences analysis of authors' keywords, and mapping of bibliographic coupling. Results show the contribution of 61 authors from 80 countries, 45 institutions, and 20 keywords were identified and organized in three clusters: Risk management in construction project management, Enterprise risk management in the construction sector, and Effective project management for the construction project success. © 2024 THE AUTHORS	Bibliometric analysis; Co-occurrences analysis; Construction sector; Risk management
Hassan W.; Duarte A.E.	Bibliometric analysis: A few suggestions	2024	Current Problems in Cardiology	10.1016/j.cpcardiol.2024.102640	In an era marked by the exponential growth of scientific production, bibliometric analysis (BA) has emerged as indispensable tool for understanding the dynamics of research fields. In this review, we tried to provide a few tips which can be incorporated in BA. For instance; (a) solely presenting the number of publications per year is not an ideal approach. There is need to provide (at least) per-year citations and the total h-index of all publications, which may offer more nuanced and informative perspective on research productivity and influence. (b) traditionally, a researcher's performance has been assessed primarily through the number of publications and the h-index. While these metrics offer valuable insights into scholarly output and citation impact, this review aims to broaden the perspective on researcher evaluation by exploring a diverse array of alternative performance indicators. (c) co-word occurrence analysis has been a cornerstone for identifying thematic relationships among publications. We presented a few simple concepts i.e. keywords dynamic, and trends alongside traditional co-word analysis. The normal procedure of BA involves, data collection, publication trends, authorship and collaboration, citation analysis, keyword analysis, geographical and institutional trends, journal analysis, research impact, and visualization. We tried to provide some theoretical foundation, which may help the readers understand the context and principles behind the analysis. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Authors performance; Bibliometric analysis; Co-words analysis; Yearly production
Fadeyi O.J.; Akwu N.A.; Lekhooa M.; Hayeshi R.; Aremu A.O.	Utilisation of medicinal plants for their antifertility activities: A bibliometric analysis of research endeavours from 1968 to 2023	2024	Phytomedicine Plus	10.1016/j.phyplu.2024.100580	Background: The exponential expansion of the population, in conjunction with the escalating negative side effects associated with synthetic contraceptives, has prompted the exploration of alternative fertility control agents, particularly those sourced from medicinal plants. Currently, several articles exist on the antifertility properties of medicinal plants. However, the application of a quantitative structured methodology such as bibliometrics to provide insight into this research field is limited. Purpose: In this study, a quantitative analysis of published research articles that have been evaluated plants for their antifertility activities were examined using a bibliometric approach. We focused on publication trends, publishers, authors, keywords, countries, research hotspots, and research gaps. Methods: Data was obtained from Scopus and analysed using RStudio biblioshiny and VOSviewer software. A total of 614 research articles was retrieved after applying the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Results: A downward trend in research in this field was evident. The journal “Contraception”, was the most productive, with 57 publications. Furthermore, there has been a shift in the direction of research, with more focus on male contraception. VOSviewer analysis established India, Nigeria, and Iran as the most productive countries based on the number of publications. In terms of institutions, the University of Rajasthan (India) produced the most articles. The author's keyword analysis resulted in the identification of 10 most studied plants based on keyword frequency. Carica papaya L. was the most studied plant, showing promising male and female antifertility activities. Oestrus cycle analysis, anti-implantation activity, and anti-spermatogenic activities were identified as the major modes of action used by researchers for evaluating plant antifertility activities. Conclusion: We identified various research hotspots, detailing the modes of action used for evaluating plant antifertility activities. Carica papaya L., Azadirachta indica A.Juss., and Momordica charantia L. were the most studied plants and have the potential to be further investigated and developed into herbal contraceptives. Finally, there is a need to isolate compounds present in these plants and determine their antifertility properties in both preclinical and clinical studies. © 2024	Anti-fertility; Anti-implantation; Biodiversity; Fertility; Herbal contraceptive; Spermatogenesis; VOSviewer
Xuan Z.; Fu S.; Kang R.; Wang Y.; Xiao Q.	ChatGPT Research in Healthcare is Increasing Dramatically: A Bibliometric Analysis Based on VOSviewer	2024	Studies in Health Technology and Informatics	10.3233/SHTI240296	The ChatGPT (Chat Generative Pretrained Transformer), an AI-based chatbot, has garnered significant attention in healthcare. We methodically extracted two significant English databases (PubMed and Web of Science) to examine the current state of research and potential future directions for ChatGPT in the healthcare field. Following screening, 921 publications were included in the analysis, demonstrating a sharp rise in the previous year and a peak number of publications released in October 2023. Meanwhile, we obtained 88 items and categorized them into 10 clusters, of which artificial intelligence, ChatGPT, and humans ranked among the top three in terms of frequency.  © 2024 The Authors.	Bibliometric analysis; ChatGPT; Generative artificial intelligence; Healthcare; Large language models
Xu H.-K.; Lu H.; Liu H.; Chen C.; Pang Z.; Zhang G.-F.; Liu Y.-L.; Kan H.-M.	Research Trends and focus Areas on the Global Grassland Carbon Sink - A Bibliometric Analysis for 1992 - 2022; [全球草地碳汇研究趋势与重点领域———基于1992—2022年文献计量分析]	2024	Acta Agrestia Sinica	10.11733/j.issn.1007-0435.2024.07.018	In recent years, research on grassland carbon sinks has attracted much attention, and related research results have emerged. This paper assessed global research trends and priorities on grassland carbon sinks using bibliometrics based on the Web of Science Core Collection. The study found that the research focus on grassland carbon sinks had changed over the past three decades,from assessing the carbon sequestration potential of grasslands and the effects of high CO2concentrations on plant and soil organic carbon, to the effects of land use and ma nagement practices on carbon and nitrogen storage of grasslands and the effects of plant communities on the carbon cycle. Finally,the study focused on the effects of organic carbon and climate change on grassland carbon sinks. Terms such as nitrogen, sequestration, dynamics, carbon, grassland and management were high-frequency keywords in the study of grassland carbon sinks, and hot research terms in recent years were organic carbon,climate change and the Loess Plateau. Based on the results of the current study,it was recommended fully considering the interaction of climate change,land use and management systems when assessing the potential of grassland carbon sinks;strengthening large-scale spatial and temporal monitoring to comprehensively assess the characteristics of grassland carbon sinks;and conducting in-depth research on the regulation of grassland carbon sinks by climate change and abiotic processes to provide theoretical support for grassland restoration and mitigation measures. © 2024 China Agricultural University. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric analysis; Carbon sink; Climate change; Grassland
He J.; Ma H.; Guo M.; Wang J.; Wang Z.; Fan G.	Research into super-resolution in medical imaging from 2000 to 2023: bibliometric analysis and visualization	2024	Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery	10.21037/qims-24-67	Background: Super-resolution (SR) refers to the use of hardware or software methods to enhance the resolution of low-resolution (LR) images and produce high-resolution (HR) images. SR is applied frequently across a variety of medical imaging contexts, particularly in the enhancement of neuroimaging, with specific techniques including SR microscopy-used for diagnostic biomarkers-and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)-a neuroimaging method for the measurement and mapping of brain activity. This bibliometric analysis of the literature related to SR in medical imaging was conducted to identify the global trends in this field, and visualization via graphs was completed to offer insights into future research prospects. Methods: In order to perform a bibliometric analysis of the SR literature, this study sourced all publications from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database published from January 1, 2000, to October 11, 2023. A total of 3,262 articles on SR in medical imaging were evaluated. VOSviewer was used to perform co-occurrence and co-authorship analysis, and network visualization of the literature data, including author, journal, publication year, institution, and keywords, was completed. Results: From 2000 to 2023, the annual publication volume surged from 13 to 366. The top three journals in this field in terms of publication volume were as follows: (I) Scientific Reports (86 publications), (II) IEEE Transactions on Medical Imaging (74 publications), and (III) IEEE Transactions on Ultrasonics Ferroelectrics and Frequency Control (56 publications). The most prolific country, institution, and author were the United States (1,017 publications; 31,301 citations), the Chinese Academy of Sciences (124 publications; 2,758 citations), and Dinggang Shen (20 publications; 671 citations), respectively. A cluster analysis of the top 100 keywords was conducted, which revealed the presence of five co-occurrence clusters: (I) SR and artificial intelligence (AI) for medical image enhancement, (II) SR and inverse problem processing concepts for positron emission tomography (PET) image processing, (III) SR ultrasound through microbubbles, (IV) SR microscopy for Alzheimer and Parkinson diseases, and (V) SR in brain fMRI: rapid acquisition and precise imaging. The most recent high-frequency keywords were deep learning (DL), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and convolutional neural networks (CNNs). Conclusions: Over the past two decades, the output of publications by countries, institutions, and authors in the field of SR in medical imaging has steadily increased. Based on bibliometric analysis of international trends, the resurgence of SR in medical imaging has been facilitated by advancements in AI. The increasing need for multi-center and multi-modal medical images has further incentivized global collaboration, leading to the diverse research paths in SR medical imaging among prominent scientists. © 2024 AME Publishing Company. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; deep learning (DL); image reconstruction; medical imaging; super-resolution (SR)
Song H.; Chen P.; Sun Y.; Sheng J.; Zhou L.	Knowledge Maps and Emerging Trends in Cell-Cultured Meat since the 21st Century Research: Based on Different National Perspectives of Spatial-Temporal Analysis	2024	Foods	10.3390/foods13132070	Cell-cultured meat holds significant environmental value as an alternative protein source. Throughout the 21st century, cell-cultured meat has progressively penetrated commercial markets. However, a systematic review encompassing the entire field needs improvement. Employing Citespace, Vosviewer, and R-Bibliometrix software, a bibliometric analysis was used to present the research progress and general development trends of 484 articles on cell-cultured meat from 2000 to 2022 based on countries, authors, institutions, and keywords. This analysis provides ideas for the future development of cell-cultured meat in different countries or regions worldwide. Research on cell-cultured meat from 2000 to 2022 has undergone two phases: fluctuating growth (2000–2013) and rapid growth (2013–2022). Noteworthy contributions to cell-cultured meat studies emerge from author groups in the United States of America, the United Kingdom, and China, with influential institutions like the University of Bath significantly impacting pertinent research. Furthermore, over the past two decades, research has leaned towards exploring topics such as “biomaterials”, “cultured”, “land use”, “public opinion”, “animal welfare”, and “food safety”. Furthermore, this study reveals differences in nomenclature between regions and institutions. “Cultured meat” is more popular in some countries than in other forms. Institutions in Asia use “cultured meat” more frequently; however, institutions in the Americas adopt “cultivated meat” and rarely adopt “in vitro meat”, and institutions in the European region have no particularly prominent tendency towards a specific nomenclature. Future research should emphasize aligning the labeling of cell-cultured meat with effective management strategies and referencing regulatory policies across various countries. For the first time, we use three different bibliometric methods to analyze temporal and spatial variation in research on cellular meat. The results of this study have a multiplier effect. We provide a theoretical basis and a practical reference for the identification of alternatives in the dual context of “food crisis and food security” and “climate crisis”. At the same time, we also provide a reference for the sustainable development of the food system. © 2024 by the authors.	alternative protein; bibliometrics; cell-cultured meat; Citespace; nomenclature; visual analysis; Vosviewer
Wang F.; Zhang S.; Xu Y.; He W.; Wang X.; He Z.; Shang J.; Zhenyu Z.	Mapping the landscape: A bibliometric perspective on autophagy in spinal cord injury	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038954	Background: Spinal cord injury (SCI) is a severe condition that often leads to persistent damage of nerve cells and motor dysfunction. Autophagy is an intracellular system that regulates the recycling and degradation of proteins and lipids, primarily through lysosomal-dependent organelle degradation. Numerous publications have highlighted the involvement of autophagy in the secondary injury of SCI. Therefore, gaining a comprehensive understanding of autophagy research is crucial for designing effective therapies for SCI. Methods: Dates were obtained from Web of Science, including articles and article reviews published from its inception to October 2023. VOSviewer, Citespace, and SCImago were used to visualized analysis. Bibliometric analysis was conducted using the Web of Science data, focusing on various categories such as publications, authors, journals, countries, organizations, and keywords. This analysis was aimed to summarize the knowledge map of autophagy and SCI. Results: From 2009 to 2023, the number of annual publications in this field exhibited wave-like growth, with the highest number of publications recorded in 2020 (44 publications). Our analysis identified Mei Xifan as the most prolific author, while Kanno H emerged as the most influential author based on co-citations. Neuroscience Letters was found to have published the largest number of papers in this field. China was the most productive country, contributing 232 publications, and Wenzhou Medical University was the most active organization, publishing 39 papers. Conclusion: We demonstrated a comprehensive overview of the relationship between autophagy and SCI utilizing bibliometric tools. This article could help to enhance the understanding of the field about autophagy and SCI, foster collaboration among researchers and organizations, and identify potential therapeutic targets for treatment.  Copyright © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	autophagy; bibliometric; mTOR; spinal cord injury
Parker G.; Hunter S.; Born K.; Miller F.A.	Mapping the Environmental Co-Benefits of Reducing Low-Value Care: A Scoping Review and Bibliometric Analysis	2024	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph21070818	Reducing low-value care (LVC) and improving healthcare’s climate readiness are critical factors for improving the sustainability of health systems. Care practices that have been deemed low or no-value generate carbon emissions, waste and pollution without improving patient or population health. There is nascent, but growing, research and evaluation to inform practice change focused on the environmental co-benefits of reducing LVC. The objective of this study was to develop foundational knowledge of this field through a scoping review and bibliometric analysis. We searched four databases, Medline, Embase, Scopus and CINAHL, and followed established scoping review and bibliometric analysis methodology to collect and analyze the data. A total of 145 publications met the inclusion criteria and were published between 2013 and July 2023, with over 80% published since 2020. Empirical studies comprised 21%, while commentary or opinions comprised 51% of publications. The majority focused on healthcare generally (27%), laboratory testing (14%), and medications (14%). Empirical publications covered a broad range of environmental issues with general and practice-specific ‘Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions’, ‘waste management’ and ‘resource use’ as most common topics. Reducing practice-specific ‘GHG emissions’ was the most commonly reported environmental outcome. The bibliometric analysis revealed nine international collaboration networks producing work on eight key healthcare areas. The nineteen ‘top’ authors were primarily from the US, Australia and Canada. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; co-benefits; environmental sustainability; healthcare; low-value care; scoping review
Cherappurath N.; Shamshadali P.; Elayaraja M.; KI D.A.K.	Mapping the field: A bibliometric analysis of women's football research trends and future directions	2024	Apunts Sports Medicine	10.1016/j.apunsm.2024.100448	Women's football is a fast-growing sport with a significant global presence. There has been no bibliometric analysis in the field of women's football, which could help figure out the importance of this study area and identify knowledge gaps. Therefore, this study reviews the scholarly literature on women's football using bibliometric data from Scopus from 1984 to February 2024. Using multiple performance and science mapping techniques, we map the research landscape, highlighting key contributors and trends in women's football literature. The foremost contributors are the United States, Leeds Beckett University, the European Regional Development Fund (European Commission), and the Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research. Based on the analysis, we predict that the keywords may be relevant to women's football research in the future. In the concluding section, we delineate the study's limitations and propose avenues for future research expansion. © 2024 Consell Català de l'Esport	Bibliometric analysis; Football; Performance analysis; Science mapping; Women's football
Li Z.; Li X.	Treatment techniques and resource recovery of source-separated urine: a bibliometric analysis and literature review	2024	Water Science and Technology	10.2166/wst.2024.208	Human urine, which is high in nutrients, acts as a resource as well as a contaminant. Indiscriminate urine discharge causes environmental pollution and wastes resources. To elucidate the research status and developmental trajectory of source-separated urine (SSU) treatment and recovery, this study was based on the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database and used the bibliometric software VOSviewer and CiteSpace to conduct a comprehensive and in-depth bibliometric analysis of the related literature in this field. The findings revealed a general upward trend in SSU treatment and recovery from 2000 to 2023. The compendium of 894 scholarly articles predominantly focused on the disciplines of Environmental Sciences, Environmental Engineering, and Water Resources. China and the USA emerged as the foremost contributors. Keyword co-occurrence mapping, clustering, and burst analysis have shown that the recovery of nitrogen and phosphorus from urine is currently the main focus, with future prospects leaning toward the retrieval of biochemicals and chemical energy. This study systematically categorizes and compares the developmental status, current advancements, and research progress in this field. The findings of this study provide a valuable reference for understanding developmental pathways in this field of research. © 2024 The Authors.	agricultural utilization; bibliometric; nitrogen recovery; nutrient recovery; phosphorus recovery; source-separated urine
Del-Rio-sánchez O.; Repiso R.; Oliveira A.	Brazilian Universities’ Profiles and The Sustainable Development Goals (2015-2023). Production and impact on Web of Science; [Perfiles de las universidades brasileñas y los objetivos de desarrollo sostenible (2015-2023). producción e impacto en web of science]	2024	Profesional de la Informacion	10.3145/epi.2024.0306	The Sustainable Development Goals as a global policy provide universities with the opportunity to offer information and innovative solutions in international forums. In recent years, scientific research on the SDGs has not only grown, but has also diversified. However, the relevant gaps in studies on the subject affect compliance with the Agenda 2030. This article aims to evaluate the Brazilian university system’s research into SDGs. It also proposes a methodological objective which is to verify whether, through the analysis of scientific production, profiles can be identified, and university entities can be grouped based on their similarity in the priority they give to different topics. A bibliometric analysis is carried out where the production and normalized impact of Brazilian universities are studied, as well as multidimensional scaling. The results reveal that the Brazilian production of each SDG is concentrated in five universities and that, in general, the entities’ contribution to the SDGs achieve a lower impact than the world average except for the theme “Life on Land” (SDG15). This suggests that Brazilian research into the SDGs pursues a contribution of scientific knowledge of the local geographical scope. Furthermore, the data indicate the presence of few universities with unique profiles when it comes to prioritizing scientific contributions to the SDGs. Faced with the global challenge of more diverse and plural knowledge production, Brazilian centers can take advantage to expand their scientific production on the SDGs on a more strategic scale with the purpose of influencing the universal political agenda. The study enriches the understanding of the scientific contribution to the SDGs by Brazilian universities. © 2024, El Profesional de la Informacion. All rights reserved.	Agenda 2030; Bibliometrics; Brazil; Scientific Production; Brazilian Universities; Multidimensional Scaling; Normalized Impact; Science Communication; Science Indicators; Scientific Impact; SDGs; Sustainable Development; Sustainable Development Goals; United Nations; Universities
Forliano C.; De Bernardi P.; Rozsa Z.; Bertello A.	Systems dynamics research in management and organization studies: Overview and research agenda	2024	Journal of Innovation and Knowledge	10.1016/j.jik.2024.100512	This paper presents a bibliometric analysis of the systems dynamics (SD) research landscape, drawing on 2,091 documents from Scopus and Web of Science. This research employs bibliometric techniques to explore the evolution of the scientific community over the past 50 years and assess research productivity and impact. Through network analysis, the study further reveals the field's social and conceptual structures. This approach revealed four pivotal thematic clusters, which were discussed based on content analysis: (1) operations research and strategy formulation, (2) behavioral studies and collaborative approaches, (3) dynamic performance management, and (4) systems thinking for sustainable development. The findings reveal a diverse and interdisciplinary trajectory of SD research, reflecting its integration into a broad array of fields and its potential to inform both theoretical and practical applications. The paper concludes by providing targeted recommendations for future SD research, with a particular emphasis on enhancing management and organizational studies through the incorporation of SD methodologies. This includes the potential for SD to influence the design of adaptive strategies, the use of SD in participatory policymaking, and the application of SD tools in promoting organizational learning and sustainability. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Network analysis; Research agenda; Systems dynamics; Systems thinking
Mitsunaga T.M.; Nery Garcia B.L.; Pereira L.B.R.; Costa Y.C.B.; da Silva R.F.; Delbem A.C.B.; dos Santos M.V.	Current Trends in Artificial Intelligence and Bovine Mastitis Research: A Bibliometric Review Approach	2024	Animals	10.3390/ani14142023	Mastitis, an important disease in dairy cows, causes significant losses in herd profitability. Accurate diagnosis is crucial for adequate control. Studies using artificial intelligence (AI) models to classify, identify, predict, and diagnose mastitis show promise in improving mastitis control. This bibliometric review aimed to evaluate AI and bovine mastitis terms in the most relevant Scopus-indexed papers from 2011 to 2021. Sixty-two documents were analyzed, revealing key terms, prominent researchers, relevant publications, main themes, and keyword clusters. “Mastitis” and “machine learning” were the most cited terms, with an increasing trend from 2018 to 2021. Other terms, such as “sensors” and “mastitis detection”, also emerged. The United States was the most cited country and presented the largest collaboration network. Publications on mastitis and AI models notably increased from 2016 to 2021, indicating growing interest. However, few studies utilized AI for bovine mastitis detection, primarily employing artificial neural network models. This suggests a clear potential for further research in this area. © 2024 by the authors.	big data; dairy cows; detection; machine learning; mastitis; milk production
El-Husseiny M.; Mashaly I.; Azouz N.; Sakr N.; Seddik K.; Atallah S.	Exploring sustainable urban mobility in Africa-and-MENA universities towards intersectional future research	2024	Transportation Research Interdisciplinary Perspectives	10.1016/j.trip.2024.101167	As university campuses in Africa and the MENA region represent key traffic hubs in their cities, this paper develops a Systematic Literature Review (SLR) to conceptualize a “framework of action” for intersectional sustainable urban mobility. The SLR includes the screening of 258 articles with filtering strategies resulting in 43 articles, following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) and Bibliometrics analysis, Systematics, Meta-analysis, and Storytelling techniques (BSMS). Six thematic areas are identified, travel behavior, policy and planning, environment and energy, gendered mobility, health and pandemics, and access for persons with disabilities, in which the most recurrent theme is travel behavior, and research method is survey questionnaires. The study explores the intersectional possibilities of future research-themes with an overview of issues, indicators and determinants. Themes are categorized geographically, methodologically and chronologically from 2007 to 2023. The proposed “framework of action” promotes intersectional research encouraging universities to lead sustainable mobility initiatives from a microscale approach, impacting city-wide sustainability efforts. This framework helps Africa-and-MENA universities to act as focal points for decision-making towards sustainable urban mobility in the city, benefitting urban planners, municipalities and inter-governmental collaboration by providing targeted interventions within-to-and-around campuses. © 2024 The Author(s)	Africa; Gendered mobility; Middle East and North Africa; Sustainable urban mobility; Travel behavior; University campuses
Zhang J.; He M.; Gao G.; Sun T.	Bibliometric analysis of research on the utilization of nanotechnology in diabetes mellitus and its complications	2024	Nanomedicine	10.1080/17435889.2024.2358741	Aim: To identify hotspots in this field and provide insights into future research directions. Methods: Publications were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database. R Bibliometrix software, VOSviewer and CiteSpace were used to perform the bibliometric and visualization analyses. Results: The analysis comprised 468 publications from 58 countries, with the United States, China and India being the leading contributors. ‘Gene therapy’, ‘nanoparticles’ and ‘insulin therapy’ are the primary focuses. ‘Green synthesis’, ‘cytotoxicity’, ‘bioavailability’ and ‘diabetic foot ulcers’ have gained prominence, signifying high-intensity areas of interest expected to persist as favored research topics in the future. Conclusion: This study delves into recent frontiers and topical research directions and provides valuable references for further research in this field. © 2024 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	bibliometrics; diabetes mellitus; green synthesis; insulin therapy; nanoparticles
Dani F.Z.D.P.; Mardiharini M.; Azahari D.H.; Obaideen K.	Empowering women farmers in rice agriculture: A bibliometric review of gender-inclusive strategies for sustainable development	2024	BIO Web of Conferences	10.1051/bioconf/202411903003	This study presents a comprehensive bibliometric analysis to understand changing research trends related to rice, specifically emphasising its associations with gender equality (SDG 5) and reduced inequalities (SDG 10). The study used data from the Scopus database from 1962 to 2023, employing bibliometrics with VOSviewer 1.6.18 software and text-mining methods with RStudio software. The research identifies prevailing themes, detects publication patterns, and determines the most impactful global contributions within the field. The study results from 472 documents exported indicate that agricultural activities highlight the worldwide focus on integrating sustainable farming methods with wider socio-economic goals. The bibliometric data reveals the multifaceted role of rice beyond its basic function of providing sustenance. The analysis highlights the dynamic nature of the rice research community, where collaborative endeavours contribute to generating innovative insights. The significant role of rice in promoting sustainable development pathways and emphasises its potential to drive socio-economic transformation, particularly in the Asian context. Simultaneously, governments must reorient their policy frameworks to facilitate and promote rice research, which will create a favourable environment that encourages innovation and inclusivity. © The Authors, published by EDP Sciences, 2024.	N/A
Dong J.; Zhang B.; Xin B.; Xiang M.; Li X.; Lü L.	Research Progress on Carbon Tariff Based on Bibliometric Analysis; [基于文献计量分析的碳关税研究进展]	2024	Research of Environmental Sciences	10.13198/j.issn.1001-6929.2024.05.07	With the European Union ′s carbon border adjustment mechanism taking effect, carbon tariffs have become increasingly important in global political and economic discussions. This study conducts a bibliometric analysis of the literature in the field of carbon tariffs based on the research results of CNKI and Web of Science core collection databases from 1998 to 2023. CiteSpace is used to examine the collected research data. Specifically, this study conducts a comprehensive comparative analysis of the research characteristics, hot spots and trends in the field of carbon tariffs, addressing the existing gaps in the analysis of literature characteristics. The results show that researchers mainly explore the attributes and essence, legality and feasibility, economic and environmental impacts, and countermeasures of carbon tariffs, showcasing an interdisciplinary nature. Different researchers have given different evaluations and discussions from their own perspectives, but the main methodologies employed are relatively consistent, including the Computable General Equilibrium (CGE) model, the Global Trade Analysis Project (GTAP) and game analysis. This field has received considerable attention from official governments and authoritative journals. Institutional collaborations are frequent, while international collaborations are generally less common. Domestic research influence is relatively weak. The evolution of publication volume can be divided into three stages: budding stage, fluctuating stage and revival stage. Research hotspots in this field have changed rapidly, and the carbon boundary adjustment mechanism has become the most significant bridge for knowledge transformation and focus shift. Key terms such as carbon neutrality, World Trade Organization rules, and the European Green Deal represent current research frontiers. Possible future research can focus on the latest progress in policy design and international negotiations, conduct in-depth research on the interests and equity indicators of developing countries, assess the multifaceted impact of carbon tariff policies from a global respective, explore the micro-response mechanisms of corporate behavior, strengthen international cooperation and exchange, or create diverse research methods. © 2024 Editorial Board, Research of Environmental Sciences. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; carbon border adjustment mechanism; carbon tariff; CiteSpace
Ma X.; Lu C.; Gao J.; Cao J.; Wan Y.; Fang H.	Sustainability of new energy vehicles from a battery recycling perspective: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33800	In recent years, new energy vehicles (NEVs) have taken the world by storm. A large number of NEV batteries have been scrapped, and research on NEV battery recycling is important for promoting the sustainable development of NEVs. Battery recycling is an important aspect of the sustainable development of NEVs. In this study, we conducted an in-depth analysis of the current status of research on NEV battery recycling from a new perspective using bibliometric methods and visualization software. This study shows that research targeting the recycling of NEV batteries is growing rapidly, and collaborative networks exist among researchers from different countries, institutions, and fields. The focus of research has shifted from lead-acid batteries to lithium batteries, and the supply chain and circular economy related to NEV battery recycling is an emerging research hotspot. Based on our analysis, we propose that the government should establish policies to improve the recycling networks at the collection stage and provide subsidies to attract consumers. Enterprises should develop low-cobalt and cobalt-free technologies, utilize green solvents, and develop new battery swap modes. The establishment of an information platform is conducive to the further development of collaborative networks. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics analysis; Circular economy; Closed-loop supply chain; Reuse of waste resources; Sustainable development; Visualization analysis
He S.; Zhang S.; Sun X.; Liu R.; Yuan T.; Chen X.; Zhang X.	Global research trends on the links between prostate cancer and erectile dysfunction between 2003 and 2023: A bibliometrics and visualized study	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33834	Background: The incidence of prostate cancer (PC) has increased in recent years. Erectile dysfunction (ED) after prostate cancer treatment has aroused extensive attention. Bibliometric analysis was designed to investigate a systematic understanding of developments between PC and ED during the past 20 years. Methods: Literatures on PC and ED were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database (WoSCC). By using the VOS viewer and CiteSpace software to analysis the metrics of bibliometric literature, such as number of articles, journals, countries, institutions, authors, keywords and associated information. The number of publications per year was statistically analysed and plotted thorough Microsoft Office. In addition, Pajek software was used to adjust the visual map. Results: A total of 2332 screened articles were included in the analysis. The Journal of Sexual Medicine, ranking first among the analysed journals, published 235 articles. The United States and Canada were leaders in PC and ED research. There is a need to strengthen inter-agency cooperation in this area of research on a global scale. Mulhall JP, as the most prolific author in this area of research, published 80 articles. And Rosen RC was the author with the most co-citated (693 co-citated). The main research focus on the prevention, treatment and management of ED after PC treatment in this field through the keyword analysis. Conclusions: Research on PC and ED is expected to expand further worldwide. We found ED, as new sustainable treatment modalities, scientific postoperative management and psychological interventions for patients, may become the research hotspots and should be closely concerned in this study. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Erectile dysfunction; Prostate cancer; VOSviewer
Triantafyllopoulos L.; Paxinou E.; Feretzakis G.; Kalles D.; Verykios V.S.	Mapping How Artificial Intelligence Blends with Healthcare: Insights from a Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Future Internet	10.3390/fi16070221	The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into medical practice has become a critical focus in contemporary medical research. This bibliometric analysis examined the scope of AI utilization across the healthcare spectrum by analyzing a significant body of publications from the Scopus and PubMed databases. After removing duplicates and reviews, a total of 2061 articles were assessed using VOSviewer software (version 1.6.20). The results were organized into two main sections: influential factors and thematic directions of AI integration in healthcare. The first section highlights the most productive countries, authors, and institutions in terms of publications. The second section explores the keywords used in the relevant literature, and identifies the main thematic areas where AI has a significant impact in medical sector. The findings of this study aimed not only to assess AI’s current contributions to medicine in general but also to highlight specific technological advancements across medical departments, offering a comprehensive overview. © 2024 by the authors.	artificial intelligence; bibliometric analysis; healthcare; human–AI interaction; medical departments; network visualization
Fajimi L.I.; Oboirien B.O.; Adams T.A., II	Waste tyre gasification Processes: A bibliometric Analysis and comprehensive review	2024	Fuel	10.1016/j.fuel.2024.131684	Waste tyres are a significant environmental problem due to their large volume and the difficulty of disposing of them safely. Waste tyre gasification is one of the key thermochemical routes for converting waste tyres into valuable products such as gaseous fuels and/or solid fuels. In this review, a bibliometric analysis of all works on waste tyre gasification from its onset was investigated. We provide an overview of the current state of the art in waste tyre gasification processes, including the types of reactors, gasification modes, and gasification products. The modelling aspect of waste tyre gasification was also investigated as well as its shortcomings. We also discuss the challenges and opportunities associated with the co-production of gaseous products (syngas and hydrogen) and solid carbon products, polygeneration of multiple products, and identify areas for further research. Our review demonstrates that gasification of waste tyres is a viable option for the production of energy and valuable by-products, but more research is needed to optimize the process and improve its economic feasibility. More research is also required in modelling and optimization of other products such as carbon nanomaterials. In addition, the investigation of the life cycle assessment (LCA) of waste tyre gasification is vital as this can ease the adoption of waste tyre gasification technology in developing nations. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Activated carbon; Carbon nanomaterials; Hydrogen; Polygeneration; Waste tyres
Sharma V.; Nimawat D.	Cellular manufacturing system: a descriptive bibliometric analysis, framework, implementation steps and future research direction	2024	Benchmarking	10.1108/BIJ-11-2021-0703	Purpose: The purpose of this article is to conduct a bibliometric analysis of the cellular manufacturing system (CMS) literature published from 1982–2021 to identify key issues and trends for the future. Design/methodology/approach: A six-stage methodology is used to conduct a literature review, which includes: (1) article collection; (2) inclusion/exclusion criteria; (3) reviewing the articles; (4) analyzing the articles; (5) framework development; and (6) future research directions. A total of 936 CMS-specific articles are reviewed. This paper made use of three software tools: the R package, VOSviewer and SciMAT. Findings: According to the findings, the majority of CM researchers focused on cell formation and design. The USA, Iran and India are the top three leading publishers. Additionally, the gap and future direction of CM are discussed. Originality/value: To the best of the authors' knowledge, the current study is the first attempt to investigate CMS evaluation through bibliometric and thematic analysis and provides a decisional framework as well as steps for CMS adoption. For individuals who are interested in understanding more about CMS and its evolution, this paper offers a starting point. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Cellular manufacturing; SciMAT; Scopus; VOS viewer
Haldar J.	Celebrating a Decade of Trailblazing Research─Collection of Highly Cited Articles Each Year from ACS Infectious Diseases	2024	ACS Infectious Diseases	10.1021/acsinfecdis.4c00381	[No abstract available]	N/A
Cai J.; Tang M.; Deng Y.; Xiong L.; Luo M.; Huang C.; Yang L.; Yang X.	Global research status of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: A bibliometric analysis of hotspots, bursts, and trends	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33940	Background: Research on intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) has recently gained attention. However, no bibliometric analysis was performed in the ICP research field. Therefore, the present study aimed to use bibliometric analysis to analyze the current research hotspots and identify global research status in ICP to reference for future research directions. Methods: We comprehensively searched the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database from its inception to December 31, 2023. Articles and reviews related to ICP were downloaded as plain text file records. We used the VOSviewer and Citespace to perform the bibliometric analysis and visualization. The main bibliometric features were tabulated and calculated. Results: A total of 1092 documents, including 921 original articles and 171 reviews, were identified in WoSCC. These publications were published in 395 journals by 4751 authors from 1250 institutions and 61 countries/regions. The global publication numbers exhibited a gradual upward trend. China, the United States, and the United Kingdom were top contributors to scientific research on ICP. King's College London, London Imperial Coll Sci Technol & Med, and Sichuan University were the most productive institutions. Catherine Williamson had published the most papers and received the most total citations. The most productive journal was Journal of Maternal-Fetal & Neonatal Medicine. The most cited paper was Beuers et al. in the Journal of Hepatology (2009). Citation burst terms showed that “risk factors” and “perinatal outcomes” were hotspots. “Inflammation”, “risk factors”, “perinatal outcomes”, and “bile acid” have gained attention in more recent research. Conclusion: The present study comprehensively summarizes the global research status and research trends in ICP. Our study identifies hotspots, collaborative networks, and trends that will provide new insights and guidance for further research in the field. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Hotspots; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Trend; Visualization
Pireddu A.; Bedini A.; Lombardi M.; Ciribini A.L.C.; Berardi D.	A Review of Data Mining Strategies by Data Type, with a Focus on Construction Processes and Health and Safety Management	2024	International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health	10.3390/ijerph21070831	Increasingly, information technology facilitates the storage and management of data useful for risk analysis and event prediction. Studies on data extraction related to occupational health and safety are increasingly available; however, due to its variability, the construction sector warrants special attention. This review is conducted under the research programs of the National Institute for Occupational Accident Insurance (Inail). Objectives: The research question focuses on identifying which data mining (DM) methods, among supervised, unsupervised, and others, are most appropriate for certain investigation objectives, types, and sources of data, as defined by the authors. Methods: Scopus and ProQuest were the main sources from which we extracted studies in the field of construction, published between 2014 and 2023. The eligibility criteria applied in the selection of studies were based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). For exploratory purposes, we applied hierarchical clustering, while for in-depth analysis, we used principal component analysis (PCA) and meta-analysis. Results: The search strategy based on the PRISMA eligibility criteria provided us with 63 out of 2234 potential articles, 206 observations, 89 methodologies, 4 survey purposes, 3 data sources, 7 data types, and 3 resource types. Cluster analysis and PCA organized the information included in the paper dataset into two dimensions and labels: “supervised methods, institutional dataset, and predictive and classificatory purposes” (correlation 0.97–8.18 × 10−1; p-value 7.67 × 10−55–1.28 × 10−22) and the second, Dim2 “not-supervised methods; project, simulation, literature, text data; monitoring, decision-making processes; machinery and environment” (corr. 0.84–0.47; p-value 5.79 × 10−25–-3.59 × 10−6). We answered the research question regarding which method, among supervised, unsupervised, or other, is most suitable for application to data in the construction industry. Conclusions: The meta-analysis provided an overall estimate of the better effectiveness of supervised methods (Odds Ratio = 0.71, Confidence Interval 0.53–0.96) compared to not-supervised methods. © 2024 by the authors.	clustering; construction industry; data mining; machine learning; meta-analysis; prediction models; principal component analysis (PCA); smart technology (ST); state of the art; workplace safety
Sun H.; Xie M.; Cui W.; Xie X.; Zong S.	Research progress of loess reinforcement technology: A bibliometric network analysis	2024	Construction and Building Materials	10.1016/j.conbuildmat.2024.136942	Loess structure is loose, with large porosity, high compressibility, strong wet subsidence and other characteristics, widely distributed in the world. The use of loess as roadbed fill is likely to cause engineering problems, so it is necessary to reinforce loess in engineering projects. In this study, a bibliometric analysis of research advances in loess reinforcement techniques was conducted with the use of CiteSpace and HistCite software, and data were collected from 479 documents in the Web of Science core database for the period from 2001 to 2024. The results of this study provide comprehensive insights into various aspects of the topic, including (1) specific attributes of publications; (2) basic details of countries, institutions, and journals covered; and (3) an overview of popular development patterns and priorities. Ultimately, this study evaluates and provides an outlook on the results of research on loess reinforcement techniques and offers guidance for researchers seeking to rapidly integrate into the field. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Loess; Microstructure; Plant root; Reinforced materials
Yu Z.; Zhao Q.; Liu Y.; Yu J.; Wang A.; Ding S.	Soil erosion associated with roads—A global review and statistical analysis	2024	Land Degradation and Development	10.1002/ldr.5159	Global soil degradation due to road erosion is an escalating concern. This study employed bibliometric analysis using the Science Citation Index-Expanded dataset to gain insights into research trends in road erosion. It covered the years 2000–2021, revealing a steady increase in annual research publications, particularly after 2018. The United States and Catena was the leading contributor and the most popular journal, respectively. The primary research areas identified by keywords and statistical analysis are the forests and arid regions in the temperate climate zone (including temperate continental climate and temperate monsoon climate) and the tropical climate zone (including tropical rainforest climate and tropical monsoon climate). Since 2012, a noticeable shift from traditional methods to emerging technologies like isotope tracing (e.g., 137Cs, 210Pb) and machine learning (e.g., random forest) was observed, indicating evolving in methodologies with changes in research scales. The study emphasized the inevitability of road erosion, highlighting the crucial role of effective road management and restoration. It proposed integrating best management practices and ecosystem restoration strategies into watershed management, combined with advanced technological approaches, to foster sustainable watershed development. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric; ecological environment; road erosion; scale; sediment delivery
Ren Y.; Zhang Z.; Li H.-P.; Zhang P.-J.; Duo J.; Kong H.	A Comprehensive Overview of the Stellate Ganglion Block Throughout the Past Three Decades: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Pain physician	N/A	BACKGROUND: Over the past 3 decades, clinicians and scholars have used and studied the stellate ganglion block (SGB) extensively, making this field a highly anticipated research hot spot. To the best of our knowledge, there has been no bibliometric analysis of the SGB until now. OBJECTIVE: Our study aimed to complete multiple tasks regarding SGB research: identify the collaboration and impact of countries, institutions, journals, and authors, evaluate the knowledge base, trace the trends in hot spots, and explore the emerging topics relevant to the field. STUDY DESIGN: A bibliometric analysis. METHODS: Publications that were associated with the SGB and published between the years of 1993 and 2022 were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection on September 21st, 2023. CiteSpace 6.1.R6 and VOSviewer 1.6.18 were used to perform bibliometric and knowledge-map analyses. RESULTS: This study found a total of 837 publications originating from 51 countries and 1006 institutions. These articles were published in 393 journals. The United States was the country that produced the most articles focused on SGB, and the University of California, Los Angeles was the institution associated with the greatest number of publications. The anesthesiology and cardiology journals surveyed for this study published the most articles and received the most citations. Among the authors whose works were examined, Kitajima T had the greatest number of published articles, and Lipov E was the most frequently cited co-author. Five main domains of SGB research included electrical storm and refractory ventricular arrhythmia, breast cancer and climacteric medicine, post-traumatic stress disorder, pain management, and cerebrovascular diseases. The latest hot topics involving this field focused on SGB's anti-arrhythmic and anti-cerebral vasospasm effects and its treatment of long COVID syndrome. LIMITATIONS: Data were retrieved only from the WoSCC; therefore, publications in other databases might have been missed. CONCLUSION: This comprehensive bibliometric analysis conducted a complete overview of SGB research, which was helpful in furthering our understanding of research trends and locating research hot spots and gaps in this domain. This field is developing rapidly and will garner significant and continuous attention from future scholars.	 bibliometric;  CiteSpace;  electrical storm;  hot flashes ;  knowledge-map;  post-traumatic stress disorder;  VOSviewer; Stellate ganglion block
Wang L.; Xiong W.; Rong L.; Fan D.	Current situation of research related to patient privacy protection in China in the context of healthcare data sharing; [健 康 医 疗 数 据 共 享 背 景 下 中 国 患 者 隐 私 保 护相 关 研 究 现 状]	2024	Chinese Medical Ethics	10.12026/j.issn.1001-8565.2024.07.05	Objective：To sort out and analyze the current situation of research related to patient privacy protection in China in the context of healthcare data sharing，with a view to providing a reference for future research in related fields.Methods：Journal articles related to patient privacy protection were retrieved from China National Knowledge Infrastructure and Wanfang databases from 2018 to 2023. The Cite Space 6.2. R 5 software was used to conduct analysis of keyword cluster and keyword burst. Combined with the specific contents of literature，the current situation of research on patient privacy protection in China was sorted out.Results：A total of 1，590 articles were included for analysis. The core journal with the most publications was China Medical Ethics（54 articles，3.40%）. The current situation of research in the field of patient privacy protection in China can be summarized as the privacy issues related to medical care activities，privacy issues caused by new technologies of medical services，and privacy issues in special situations. The results of keyword burst analysis showed that“personal information”and“data sharing”were current hot research topics.Conclusion：In the context of healthcare data sharing，patient privacy protection is still a research hot focus. The current research on the definition of patient privacy protection is relatively limited. It is recommended to deeply explore the understanding of multiple parties on privacy protection and enrich the connotation of patient privacy protection from multiple perspectives in the future. In addition，it is necessary to strengthen medical staff’s awareness and behavioral practice of patient privacy protection，continuously practice the safety and effectiveness of patient privacy protection technology，and further improve legislation related to personal privacy protection in special periods and in the context of health data sharing. © 2024 Editorial department of Chinese Medical Ethics. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; big data; patient privacy; privacy protection
Nica I.; Georgescu I.; Chiriță N.	Simulation and Modelling as Catalysts for Renewable Energy: A Bibliometric Analysis of Global Research Trends	2024	Energies 	10.3390/en17133090	This study investigates the application of advanced simulation and modeling technologies to optimize the performance and reliability of renewable energy systems. Given the urgent need to combat climate change and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, integrating renewable energy sources into existing infrastructure is essential. Using bibliometric methods, our research spans from 1979 to 2023, identifying key publications, institutions, and trends. The analysis revealed a significant annual growth rate of 16.78% in interest in simulation and modeling, with a notable surge in published articles, reaching 921 in 2023. This indicates heightened research activity and interest. Our findings highlight that optimization, policy frameworks, and energy management are central themes. Leading journals like Energies, Energy, and Applied Energy play significant roles in disseminating research. Key findings also emphasize the importance of international collaboration, with countries like China, the USA, and European nations playing significant roles. The three-field plot analysis demonstrated interconnections between keywords, revealing that terms like “renewable energy sources”, “optimization”, and “simulation” are central to the research discourse. Core funding agencies, such as the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) and the European Union, heavily support this research. This study underscores the importance of policies and sustainability indicators in promoting renewable energy technologies. These insights emphasize the need for ongoing innovation and interdisciplinary collaboration to achieve a sustainable energy future. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; modelling; renewable energy; RStudio; simulation; sustainable energy
Huang C.; Ji X.-R.; Huang Z.-H.; Wang R.-J.; Fan L.-Q.; Zhu W.-B.; Luo Q.; Qing-Li	Global status of research on fertility preservation in male patients with cancer: A bibliometric and visual analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33621	Background: Recently, male fertility preservation before cancer treatment has become more prevalent. The research in this field has progressed over time, with some studies having a major impact and providing guidance for further research. However, the trends and hotspots of research on fertility preservation in male cancer patients may have changed; exploring them is essential for relevant research progress. Design: We extracted relevant studies from the Web of Science Core Collection database, capturing information on the countries of study, affiliations, authors, keywords, as well as co-citations of references and journals. To identify publication trends, research strengths, key subjects, prominent topics, and emerging areas, we conducted a bibliometric analysis using CiteSpace. Results: We included 3201 articles on fertility preservation in male cancer patients published over January 1999 to December 2023 were included. Although the relevant research growth rate was slow initially, the number of publications increased annually. Of all study countries, the United States, Germany, and Japan reported the earliest studies; the United States published the highest number of relevant studies. The US institutions remained at the forefront for all 25 years, and the US researcher Ashok Agarwal published the most articles. Literature co-citation analyses indicated a transformation in the study participants; they comprised a younger demographic (i.e., a large number of adolescent male patients underwent fertility preservation); moreover, fertility preservation techniques evolved from sperm cryopreservation to testicular tissue cryopreservation. Research on reproductive outcomes of sperm cryopreservation was the recent hotspot in male fertility preservation research, and the impact of immunotherapy and checkpoint inhibitors on male fertility requires further research. Conclusions: Male fertility preservation will be a major future research focus, with closer connections and collaborations between countries and organizations. Our results present the historical data on the development of research on male fertility preservation in cancer patients, providing relevant insights for future research and development in this study area. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Cancer; CiteSpace; Male fertility preservation; WoSCC
Merecz-Sadowska A.; Sitarek P.; Zajdel K.; Sztandera W.; Zajdel R.	Genus Sambucus: Exploring Its Potential as a Functional Food Ingredient with Neuroprotective Properties Mediated by Antioxidant and Anti-Inflammatory Mechanisms	2024	International Journal of Molecular Sciences	10.3390/ijms25147843	The genus Sambucus, mainly Sambucus nigra, has emerged as a valuable source of bioactive compounds with potential neuroprotective properties. This review explores the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroregenerative effects of Sambucus-derived compounds and their implications for brain health and cognitive function. In vitro studies have demonstrated the ability of Sambucus extracts to mitigate oxidative stress, modulate inflammatory responses, and promote neural stem cell proliferation and differentiation. In vivo studies using animal models of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s, have shown that Sambucus compounds can improve cognitive function, motor performance, and neuronal survival while attenuating neuroinflammation and oxidative damage. The neuroprotective effects of Sambucus are primarily attributed to its rich content of polyphenols, particularly anthocyanins, which exert their benefits through multiple mechanisms, including the modulation of signaling pathways involved in inflammation, apoptosis, mitochondrial function, and oxidative stress. Furthermore, the potential of Sambucus as a functional food ingredient is discussed, highlighting its application in various food products and the challenges associated with the stability and bioavailability of its bioactive compounds. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the current state of research on the neuroprotective potential of Sambucus and its derivatives, offering valuable insights for the development of dietary strategies to promote brain health and prevent age-related cognitive decline. © 2024 by the authors.	cognitive function; elderberry; functional food; neuroinflammation; neuroprotection; oxidative stress; Sambucus nigra
Ma J.; Zheng L.; Yu F.	Current status and future prospects of biochar application in electrochemical energy storage devices: A bibliometric review	2024	Desalination	10.1016/j.desal.2024.117597	Biochar has garnered significant attention across various fields due to its outstanding catalytic properties, making it a focal point in biochar development. This study employs Citespace software to perform a bibliometric analysis, elucidating the research hotspots and developmental trends of biochar in electrochemical energy storage devices. It visualizes the trends and research status of biochar within this context. A visual analysis network, encompassing national collaboration, institutional cooperation, and author levels, is established and categorized. Additionally, the visualization of cited documents and journal co-citation networks reveals the primary subject distribution and core journals in this domain. The main research content is identified through journal co-citation visualization. Keyword co-occurrence and burst analyses highlight current research hotspots and emerging frontiers. This comprehensive analysis explores the collaborative efforts and contributions of biochar in electrochemical energy storage devices, from individual researchers to institutions and countries, providing insights into its developmental status. The paper offers a detailed exposition, further organizing the development narrative of this field and clarifying its research hotspots and trends. The conclusions and outlooks presented can offer scholars a deeper understanding of biochar's role in electrochemical energy storage devices and guide future research directions in this area. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Battery; Bibliometric analysis; Biochar; Capacitive deionization; Citespace; Supercapacitor
N/A	Research Progress of Land Use Change and Carbon Sink Assessment Based on Bibliometrics; [基于文 献 计 量 的 土 地 利 用 变 化 与 碳 汇 评 估 交 叉 研 究进展]	2024	Shengtai Xuebao	10.20103/j.stxb.202312082679	[No abstract available]	N/A
Alao K.T.; Gilani S.I.-U.-H.; Sopian K.; Alao T.O.; Oyebamiji D.S.; Oladosu T.L.	Biomass and organic waste conversion for sustainable bioenergy: A comprehensive bibliometric analysis of current research trends and future directions	2024	International Journal of Renewable Energy Development	10.61435/ijred.2024.60149	"The rising demand for renewable energy sources has fueled interest in converting biomass and organic waste into sustainable bioenergy. This study employs a bibliometric analysis (2013-2023) of publications to assess trends, advancements, and future prospects in this field. The analysis explores seven key research indicators, including publication trends, leading contributors, keyword analysis, and highly cited papers. We begin with a comprehensive overview of biomass as a renewable energy source and various waste-to-energy technologies. Employing Scopus and Web of Science databases alongside Biblioshiny and VOSviewer for analysis, the study investigates publication patterns, citation networks, and keyword usage. This systematic approach unveils significant trends in research focus and identifies prominent research actors (countries and institutions). Our findings reveal a significant increase in yearly publications, reflecting the growing global focus on biomass and organic waste conversion. Leading contributors include China, the United States, India, and Germany. Analysis of keywords identifies commonly used terms like ""biofuels,"" ""pyrolysis,"" and ""lignocellulosic biomass."" The study concludes by proposing future research directions, emphasizing advanced conversion technologies, integration of renewable energy sources, and innovative modelling techniques. © 2024. The Author(s)."	Bibliometric analysis; Bioenergy; Biomass; Organic waste conversion; Renewable energy; VOSviewer
Tan L.; Liu F.; Dai S.; Yao J.	A bibliometric analysis of two-decade research efforts in turning natural gas hydrates into energy	2024	Energy	10.1016/j.energy.2024.131440	As a promising energy source, natural gas hydrate production has ignited scientific research in multidisciplinary fields globally, generating a vast amount of literature. A review in multidisciplinary and international perspectives will contribute to a comprehensive understanding about this field. This paper maps the two-decade spatiotemporal landscapes of scientific research on natural gas hydrate (NGH) production with a bibliometric analysis. The landscapes suggested that the study on gas hydrate production covers multiple research fields and international collaboration. Research topics on NGH production experienced three stages involving resource exploration, productivity enhancement, and environmental issues. An analysis of the research with the most activity showed that Energy & Fuel, Chemical Engineering, and Multidisciplinary Geoscience were the most active, with Thermodynamics, Geological Engineering, Ocean Engineering, and Civil Engineering experiencing fast growth. In terms of the landscape of international collaboration, the United States and European countries were the main contributors in the early stage, followed by China after 2008. The breakthrough of the commercial production threshold relies on the international collaboration and the multidisciplinary research among Thermodynamics, Geological Engineering, Ocean Engineering and Civil Engineering to characterize the energy consumption, gas production rate, and reservoir stability. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; International collaboration; Multidisciplinary analysis; Natural gas hydrate; Research frontiers; Research landscape
Chou W.; Chow J.C.	Analyzing collaboration and impact: A bibliometric review of four highly published authors' research profiles on collaborative maps	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038686	The concept of impact beam plots (IBPs) has been introduced in academia as a means to profile individual researchers. Despite its potential, there has been a lack of comprehensive analysis that evaluates the research profiles of highly published authors through the lens of collaborative maps. This study introduces a novel approach, the rating scale for research profiles (RSRP), to create collaborative maps for prolific authors. The initial hypothesis posited that each of the research profiles would attain a grade A, necessitating empirical verification. This research employed collaborative maps to analyze the publication patterns of authors using the Web of Science database, focusing on co-authorship patterns and the impact of their scholarly work. The study relied on various bibliometric indicators, such as publication count, citation metrics, h-index, and co-authorship networks, to provide a detailed assessment of the contributions made by each author in their field. Additionally, authors' IBPs were generated and assessed alongside collaborative maps, using a grading scale ranging from A (excellent) to F (lacking any articles as first or corresponding author). The analysis confirmed that all 4 research profiles achieved a grade A, with their centroids located in the third quadrant, indicating a high level of scholarly impact. The h-indexes for the authors were found to be 38, 51, 53, and 59, respectively. Notably, Dr Tseng from Taiwan showed a distinct pattern, with a significant number of solo-authored publications in the second quadrant, in contrast to the other 3 authors who demonstrated a greater emphasis on collaboration, as evidenced by their positioning in the first quadrant. The study successfully demonstrates that RSRP and IBPs can be effectively used to analyze and profile the research output of highly published authors through collaborative maps. The research confirms the initial hypothesis that all 4 profiles would achieve a grade A, indicating an excellent level of scholarly impact and a strong presence in their respective fields. The utility of collaborative maps can be applied to bibliometric indicators in assessing the contributions and impact of scholars in the academic community. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	bibliometric indicators; co-authorship patterns; collaborative maps; impact beam plots (IBPs); rating scale for research profiles (RSRP)
Liu Q.; Ai K.; Jiang X.-R.; Yang J.-J.; Chen L.; Cao S.-H.; He H.-L.; Liu X.; Liu M.	Research on acupuncture and glial cells: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038898	"Background: There are a growing number of studies on the effect of acupuncture on glial cells in the central nervous system; however, there are few related bibliometric analyses in this area. Therefore, the purpose of this bibliometric study was to visualize the literature on acupuncture-regulated glial cells. Methods: On November 23, 2022, regular and review articles on acupuncture and glial cell-related research were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database. The R package ""bibliometrix"" was used to summarize the main findings, count the occurrences of the top keywords, visualize the international collaboration network, and generate a 3-field plot. The VOSviewer software was used to conduct both co-authorship and co-occurrence analyses. CiteSpace was used to identify the best references and keywords with the highest citation rates. Results: Overall, 348 publications on acupuncture and glial cells were included. The publications were primarily from China, Korea, and the United States of America. The majority of publications were found in relevant journals. Apart from ""acupuncture"" and ""glial cells,"" the most frequently used keywords were ""neuroinflammation,"" ""hyperalgesia,"" and ""pain."" Conclusion: This bibliometric study mapped a fundamental knowledge structure comprising countries, institutions, authors, journals, and articles in the research fields of acupuncture and glial cells over the last 3 decades. These results provide a comprehensive perspective on the wider landscape of this research area. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	acupuncture; bibliometrics; citespace; glial cells
Li H.; Deng J.; Tan Q.; Chen J.; Dong B.; Zhu S.; Yan K.; Bai W.	Research Process of Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage in China Based on Knowledge Map; [基于知识图谱的中国碳捕集、利用与封存领域研究历程]	2024	Zhongguo Dianji Gongcheng Xuebao/Proceedings of the Chinese Society of Electrical Engineering	10.13334/j.0258-8013.pcsee.230357	Carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS) technology plays a crucial role in the international efforts to address climate change. It holds significant importance in achieving carbon emission reduction targets and promoting sustainable development. This article begins by reviewing the process of developing CCUS policies in our country. It then employs a combination of bibliometrics and scientific knowledge graphs, using research literature (journal articles and patents) in the CCUS field from 2000 to 2022, retrieved from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database. VOSviewer and Excel software are utilized for statistical analysis, covering annual publication trends, publishing journals, funding sources, research institutions, authors, research hotspots, as well as the annual number, themes, and disciplinary distribution of CCUS-related patents. Furthermore, it provides a comprehensive analysis of the development progress and trends of several key technologies in the CCUS process, taking examples such as carbon dioxide absorbers and carbon dioxide-enhanced oil recovery techniques. Finally, the article presents suggestions to address the current issues in CCUS research. ©2024 Chin.Soc.for Elec.Eng.	bibliometrics; big data; carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS); situation and trend; statistical analysis
Li W.; Luo L.; Fan Y.; Lv X.; Jiang Q.; Jiao Y.	Combining Bibliometric Analysis to Uncover the Detrimental and Protective Roles of Various Dendritic Cell Types in Cardiovascular Arterial Diseases	2024	Frontiers in Bioscience - Landmark	10.31083/j.fbl2907244	Immune cell dysregulation is increasingly recognized as a pivotal pathological factor in cardiovascular disease. Over the past decade, a surge of research has focused on the role of immune cells such as dendritic cells (DCs), T cells, macrophages, and neutrophils in cardiovascular diseases, findings that are frequently featured in leading cardiology journals. This review provides a comprehensive synthesis of the roles that DCs play in common and potentially fatal arterial diseases, including hypertension, coronary artery atherosclerosis, acute coronary syndrome, pulmonary arterial hypertension, aortic aneurysm, aortic dissection, and vasculitis. Combining with bibliometric analysis, this review delves into the critical mechanisms by which DCs contribute to these diseases and reveals the shared mechanisms across diverse diseases. This review also offers new advances in clinical treatment strategies involving DCs.  © 2024 The Author(s).	acute coronary syndrome; chemokines; dendritic cells; hypertension; renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system
Guo X.; Zhang W.; Lu J.; Zhu Y.; Sun H.; Xu D.; Xian S.; Yao Y.; Qian W.; Lu B.; Shi J.; Ding X.; Li Y.; Tong X.; Xiao S.; Huang R.; Ji S.	Amniotic miracle: Investigating the unique development and applications of amniotic membrane in wound healing	2024	Skin Research and Technology	10.1111/srt.13860	Background: The perfect repair of damaged skin has always been a constant goal for scientists; however, the repair and reconstruction of skin is still a major problem and challenge in injury and burns medicine. Human amniotic membrane (hAM), with its good mechanical properties and anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and antimicrobial benefits, containing growth factors that promote wound healing, has evolved over the last few decades from simple skin sheets to high-tech dressings, such as being made into nanocomposites, hydrogels, powders, and electrostatically spun scaffolds. This paper aims to explore the historical development, applications, trends, and research hotspots of hAM in wound healing. Methods: We examined 2660 publications indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) from January 1, 1975 to July 12, 2023. Utilizing bibliometric methods, we employed VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and R-bibliometrix to characterize general information, identify development trends, and highlight research hotspots. Subsequently, we identified a collection of high-quality English articles focusing on the roles of human amniotic epithelial stem cells (hAESCs), human amniotic mesenchymal stem cells (hAMSCs), and amniotic membrane (AM) scaffolds in regenerative medicine and tissue engineering. Results: Bibliometric analysis identified Udice–French Research Universities as the most productive affiliation and Tseng S.C.G. as the most prolific author. Keyword analysis, historical direct quotations network, and thematic analysis helped us review the historical and major themes in this field. Our examination included the knowledge structure, global status, trends, and research hotspots regarding the application of hAM in wound healing. Our findings indicate that contemporary research emphasizes the preparation and application of products derived from hAM. Notably, both hAM and the cells isolated from it – hADSCs and hAESCs are prominent and promising areas of research in regenerative medicine and tissue engineering. Conclusion: This research delivers a comprehensive understanding of the knowledge frameworks, global dynamics, emerging patterns, and primary research foci in the realm of hAM applications for wound healing. The field is rapidly evolving, and our findings offer valuable insights for researchers. Future research outcomes are anticipated to be applied in clinical practice, enhancing methods for disease prevention, diagnosis, and treatment. © 2024 The Author(s). Skin Research and Technology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	amniotic membrane; bibliometrics; tissue engineering; wound healing
Chang H.; Yi F.-Y.; Yan R.; Liu W.-J.; Liu S.-B.; Liu X.-C.; Ye R.-H.; Shan Y.-M.; Yin G.-M.	Research on the Relationship Between Ecology and Livelihoods based on CiteSpace; [基于CiteSpace的国内外生态与生计关系研究进展]	2024	Acta Agrestia Sinica	10.11733/j.issn.1007-0435.2024.07.023	In order to qualitatively and quantitatively elucidate the research progress, research hot spots and development trends of ecology-livelihood research both domestically and internationally, 2 062 articles about the studies on relationship between ecology and livelihoods from 2011 to 2022 retrieved in the Web of Science (WOS) and CNKI databases were used to analyze the co-occurrence,hot spots,clustering and emergence of the literature data with the bibliometric analysis software CiteSpace. The results indicated that the number of publications on ecology-livelihood studies both domestically and internationally had increased slowly,and then rapidly,but had shown a downward trend in the past two years. International studies mainly focus on the fields of geography, sustainability and e-cology,presenting a trend of interdisciplinary,diversified and refined research directions. Research hot spots mainly focus on biodiversity conservation, political ecology, ecological protection, livelihoods, impacts and influences. Domestic studies mainly focus on the fields of ecology and geographic sciences, with research hot spots mainly focused on livelihood and policy performance evaluation. The researches are oriented towards national policies and lacks innovation. Compared with studies of foreign countries, there is insufficient attention paid to biodiversity conservation, the relationship between ecosystem services and livelihood. Here we put forward proposals for future researches in this field in China to promote coordinated and sustainable development of ecology,society and economy. © 2024 China Agricultural University. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Ecology; Hot trend; Livelihoods; Research progress
Chen Q.; Gou Y.; Wang T.; Liu P.; Zhu J.	The Evolutionary Path and Emerging Trends of Circulating Fluidized Bed Technology: An Integrated Analysis through Bibliometric Assessment and Data Visualization	2024	Energies	10.3390/en17143514	Confronted with the significant challenges of global climate change and environmental deterioration, the pursuit of carbon emission peaks and the realization of carbon neutrality have become a collective goal for countries worldwide. As an exemplary combustion technology noted for its efficiency and environmental friendliness, the circulating fluidized bed (CFB) is instrumental in curbing the release of carbon dioxide alongside other deleterious gases. The technology is pivotal in promoting the clean and efficient use of coal, simultaneously expediting the global shift towards a sustainable, green, and low-carbon future. This study employs a bibliometric analysis, a social network analysis, and information visualization techniques to delve into the evolution of CFB technology, leveraging the Web of Science database (SCI-EXPANDED and CPCI-S) and the Derwent Innovations Index (DII). Through a meticulous examination of academic papers and patent literature related to CFB technology, this research unveils the developmental trajectory and trends of CFB technology, providing a scientific foundation and reference for strategic technology planning and focused research in key areas. The findings indicate that, while there is a downward trend in the global publication of academic papers on CFB technology, the number of patent applications continues to grow steadily. CFB technology has achieved significant advancements in enhancing combustion efficiency, environmental protection, energy utilization, and waste management, and is progressing towards a direction of diversification and greater efficiency. Moving forward, the development of CFB technology should concentrate on pivotal areas such as material science, fluid dynamics simulation, environmental impact assessment, system integration, and intelligentization, to foster ongoing innovation and a broad application of the technology. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; circulating fluidized bed; domain development trend; knowledge mapping
Guo Y.; Liu C.; Tan C.; Li Y.; Zhen J.; He H.; Sun J.; Chen Y.; Tan Z.; Wu Y.; Zeng S.; He P.; Zhang J.; Liao F.; Huang W.; Dong W.	A bibliometric analysis of 3D microfluidic chip in cancer	2024	Chinese Medical Journal	10.1097/CM9.0000000000003155	[No abstract available]	N/A
Mo X.; He W.; Zeng L.; Li X.; Li X.; Zhou L.; Li Z.	The current state and hotspots of post-cardiac arrest brain injury: a visualization analysis based on CiteSpace; [基于CiteSpace可视化分析心脏骤停后脑损伤研究的现状和热点]	2024	Chinese Journal of Emergency Medicine	10.3760/cma.j.issn.1671-0282.2024.07.023	Objective This study examined the development trend and research hotspot of cardiopulmonary brain resuscitation in the last ten years by a visual analysis of the literature on post-cardiac arrest brain injury. Methods English articles were acquired from the Web of Sciences (WOS) core database. CiteSpace 5.8.R3 software was used to analyze annual publications, countries, institutions, authors. We identified the trending research areas by analyzing collaborative networks, keywords co-occurrence, burst detection analysis, timeline and time-zone diagrams. Results The search included 10 867 articles in the WOS core database from Jan 1, 2013 to Oct 25, 2023. In the last ten years, the top 3 nations were the United States, China, and Japan, with the United States having the most citation of 3691 and an centrality of 0.47. The author with the highest number of publications was Hans Friberg from Sweden. The top 5 most frequent keywords in WOS were cardiac arrest, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, resuscitation, survival, outcome. Keyword cluster analysis showed 4 clusters, including: #0 of-hospital cardiac arrest, #1 traumatic brain injury, #2 targeted temperature management, #3 global cerebral ischemia. Keyword burst showed that the top 5 ranked by strength are mild hypothermia, emergency cardiovascular care, neuron specific enolase, cerebral ischemia, epinephrine, and the top 5 ranked by the year of burst begins are out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, cpr, epinephrine, coma, and task force. The timeline and time zone charts indicated that, starting in 2017, the main fields of study concentration were traumatic brain injury and out-of-hospital cardiac arrest. Additionally, extracorporeal membrane, intensive care, risk factors, and electroencephalography were identified as new high-frequency keywords. Conclusions Over the past ten years, the research hotspots on post-cardiac arrest brain injury include out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, traumatic brain injury, and target temperature control. The research development trends will be extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, critical care, and EEG. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Brain injury; Brain protection; Cardiac arrest; CiteSpace; Visual analysis
Liye L.; Hui Z.; Fuchun H.; Hua L.	Research progress of airway inflammation in asthma: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038842	Background: In recent years, the prevalence of asthma has gradually increased and the number of asthmatics worldwide has reached 358 million, which has caused huge economic loss. Airway inflammation is an important feature of asthma, and international research in this field has a high degree of heat. Therefore, this paper uses the bibliometric method to systematically review and visualize the literature in this field, aiming to provide some reference value for follow-up related research. Methods: To retrieve the research literature on airway inflammation in asthma from 2003 to 2022 in the Web of Science Core Collection database. The bibliometric method was used to systematically analyze the included literature data by using visualization analysis software such as CiteSpace (6.2. R4) and VOSviewer (1.6.19). Results: A total of 1892 articles published in 423 journals were included in this study, from 1912 institutions in 62 countries/regions. The number of articles published between 2003 and 2022 showed a trend of fluctuating growth. The country with the largest number of articles published was China (558,29.49 %), followed by the United States (371,19.61 %) and Korea (212,11.21 %). Gibson, Peter G is the author with the highest number of publications, and Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology is the most published journal. Conclusion subsections: This study systematically reveals the state of the literature in the field of airway inflammation in asthma over the past 20 years. The exploration of inflammatory cell components, pathway molecules and biological agents are research hotspots in this field and should be further studied.  Copyright © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	airway inflammation; asthma; bibliometric analysis; visualization analysis; Web of Science
Zhu K.; Shen Z.; Wang M.; Jiang L.; Zhang Y.; Yang T.; Zhang H.; Zhang M.	Visual Knowledge Domain of Artificial Intelligence in Computed Tomography: A Review Based on Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Journal of Computer Assisted Tomography	10.1097/RCT.0000000000001585	Artificial intelligence (AI)-assisted medical imaging technology is a new research area of great interest that has developed rapidly over the last decade. However, there has been no bibliometric analysis of published studies in this field. The present review focuses on AI-related studies on computed tomography imaging in the Web of Science database and uses CiteSpace and VOSviewer to generate a knowledge map and conduct the basic information analysis, co-word analysis, and co-citation analysis. A total of 7265 documents were included and the number of documents published had an overall upward trend. Scholars from the United States and China have made outstanding achievements, and there is a general lack of extensive cooperation in this field. In recent years, the research areas of great interest and difficulty have been the optimization and upgrading of algorithms, and the application of theoretical models to practical clinical applications. This review will help researchers understand the developments, research areas of great interest, and research frontiers in this field and provide reference and guidance for future studies.  © Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.	artificial intelligence; Bibliometrics; computed tomography; visualization analysis
Wei T.; Jin Q.	Research trends and hotspots in exercise interventions for liver cirrhosis: A bibliometric analysis via CiteSpace	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038831	"Cirrhosis is a chronic liver disease with severe consequences for a patient's health and survival. Exercise is an essential therapeutic strategy for both cirrhosis prevention and treatment. On the other hand, information regarding the present status of exercise-related research in cirrhosis is limited. Therefore, this study seeks to close the information gap in the scientific literature by using bibliometric techniques to analyze the trends, focal points, and cutting-edge research areas on exercise and cirrhosis. On September 22, 2023, research articles and reviews on exercise intervention for cirrhosis were obtained and downloaded from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). Subsequently, we employed CiteSpace (version 6.1.R6) to conduct bibliometric and knowledge graph analyses. 588 papers in 301 scholarly journals were written by 673 authors from 460 institutions spread over 63 countries and regions. The most productive nation among them is the United States. Not only is Zobair M. Younossi 1 of the most prolific writers, but he also receives the most co-citations. Most articles were published by the University of Michigan in the US, with the University of Alberta in Canada coming in second. Meanwhile, the WORLD JOURNAL OF GASTROENTEROLOGY has the most published articles, whereas HEPATOLOGY has the greatest number of co-citations. Apart from the theme words, the most frequently utilized keywords were ""quality of life,"" ""insulin resistance,"" and ""mortality."" Future research may concentrate on ""obesity,"" ""sarcopenia,"" and ""Mediterranean diet,"" according to the analysis of keyword emergence. CiteSpace is used in this work to visually represent the topic of exercise intervention in cirrhosis, offering valuable information to researchers regarding the field's current status and possible future direction. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	Cirrhosis; CiteSpace; exercise intervention; visualization analysis
Xiong H.; Chen X.; Feng J.; Zhang F.; Qiu M.; Zhang Q.; Fan Y.	Bibliometric and Visual Analysis of Studies on Ceramic Membranes: A Review	2024	Membranes	10.3390/membranes14070144	As a high-performance separation material, the ceramic membrane has played a crucial role in addressing resource, energy, and environmental challenges. Here, we carried out literature retrieval and collection for the research of ceramic membranes based on the Web of Science. The retrieval strategy was quantitatively evaluated from two dimensions: recall and precision. The distributions of publication time, journal, and related subjects were systematically analyzed. With the help of CiteSpace and VOSviewer, the literature was visually analyzed through the co-occurrence map of authors and the cluster network of keywords. The findings indicate a strong correlation between ceramic membrane research and the field of Chemical Engineering. A core group of authors has emerged as prominent contributors in this area of study. Additionally, there is a notable long-tail effect observed in the application of ceramic membranes. Despite their current low-frequency usage and high-volume potential, these applications hold substantial promise for future scientific research and industrial development. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; ceramic membrane; CiteSpace; visual analysis; VOSviewer
Alduais A.; Alarifi H.S.; Alfadda H.	Neuropsychological Diagnosis and Assessment of Alexia: A Mixed-Methods Study	2024	Brain Sciences	10.3390/brainsci14070636	The neuropsychological diagnosis and assessment of alexia remain formidable due to its multifaceted presentations and the intricate neural underpinnings involved. The current study employed a mixed-method design, incorporating cluster and thematic analyses, to illuminate the complexities of alexia assessment. We used the Web of Science and Scopus to retrieve articles spanning from 1985 to February 2024. Our selection was based on identified keywords in relation to the assessment and diagnosis of alexia. The analysis of 449 articles using CiteSpace (Version 6.3.R1) and VOSviewer (Version 1.6.19) software identified ten key clusters such as ‘pure alexia’ and ‘posterior cortical atrophy’, highlighting the breadth of research within this field. The thematic analysis of the most cited and recent studies led to eight essential categories. These categories were synthesized into a conceptual model that illustrates the interaction between neural, cognitive, and diagnostic aspects, in accordance with the International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health (ICFDH) framework. This model emphasizes the need for comprehensive diagnostic approaches extending beyond traditional reading assessments to include specific tasks like character identification, broader visual processing, and numerical tasks. Future diagnostic models should incorporate a diverse array of alexia types and support the creation of advanced assessment tools, ultimately improving clinical practice and research. © 2024 by the authors.	alexia; brain injury; neuropsychological assessment; neuropsychological diagnosis; reading impairment
Li Z.; Sun F.; Jiang W.; Li X.; Jiang J.; Jin F.; Lu J.; Yang F.	Bibliometric Analysis of Trends and Research Progress in Acid Mine Drainage Remediation from 1990 to 2023	2024	Water (Switzerland)	10.3390/w16131826	Acid mine drainage (AMD), arising from mineral resource exploitation, has transformed into a significant global environmental issue for the mining sector, posing considerable risks to water, soil, ecosystems, and human health. In this study, the current status and cutting-edge dynamics of AMD remediation research were evaluated using a bibliometrics approach. Publications on AMD remediation were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database, and the relevant literature was analyzed quantitatively using various statistical methods, including keyword co-occurrence and burst analysis. In total, 2743 articles related to AMD remediation published from 1990 to 2023 were obtained. The number of publications tended to increase annually, with a relatively fast rate of increase in recent years. Recent research related to AMD remediation has mainly focused on the ecological risks, the environmental geochemical cycling, the application of sulfate-reducing bacteria and adsorption, and the recovery of heavy metals (HMs) and rare earth elements (REEs). It is anticipated that these topics of AMD remediation research are expected to be at the forefront of future research endeavors. In addition, the current status, advantages, and challenges of AMD remediation technologies are discussed from both active and passive management perspectives, providing a theoretical basis and reference for AMD remediation. © 2024 by the authors.	acid mine drainage; bibliometric analysis; heavy metal; rare earth elements; research progress
Moreno A.L.S.; Forero J.A.M.; García Revilla R.; Martínez Moure O.	Trends and Perspectives of Nostalgia in Tourism: A Systematic Review and Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Sustainability (Switzerland) 	10.3390/su16135651	The main objective of this bibliometric review is to identify and analyze the development of the field of nostalgia tourism through a comprehensive analysis of the scientific literature. To this end, this article performs a bibliometric analysis in R Core Team 2022-Bibliometrix software 4.2.3, complemented by VOSviewer software 1.6.20 and a systematic review of the Scopus and Science Direct database to provide information on the most researched topics, the most influential authors and publications, as well as the areas requiring further research. The findings underscore the significance of nostalgia tourism in addressing the growing demand among travelers for authentic and meaningful experiences. By invoking emotional memories, fostering connections to the past, and emphasizing the quest for authenticity, this form of tourism enables visitors to engage deeply with destinations and activities that transcend conventional tourism. Consequently, it enriches their journeys with a profound sense of discovery, belonging, and cultural identity. The findings of this study make a valuable contribution to the literature on nostalgia tourism by providing a relevant and comprehensive analysis of the current state of the art. This analysis provides a better understanding of the theoretical and conceptual framework of the articles published to date, which is important to consider to enrich the academic debate on nostalgia tourism and for future research. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; nostalgia tourism; systematic review
Xiongce L.; Tao Y.; Zhu J.; Jin Y.; Wang L.	A bibliometric analysis from 2013 to 2023 reveals research hotspots and trends in the connection between sport and regenerative medicine	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038846	The field of regenerative medicine for sports injuries has grown significantly in the 21st century. This study attempted to provide an overview of the current state of research and key findings regarding the relationship between sport and regenerative medicine in general, identifying trends and hotspots in research topics. We gathered the literature from the Web of Science (WOS) database covering the last 10 years (2013-2023) pertaining to regenerative medicine for sporter and applied Citespace to assess the knowledge mapping. The findings demonstrated that there were 572, with a faster increase after 2018. The country, institution, and author with the most publications are the USA, Harvard University, and Maffulli Nicola. In addition, the most co-cited reference is J Acad Nutr Diet (2016) (199). Adipose tissue, high tibial osteotomy, and bone marrow are the hot spots in this field in the next few years. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s).	bibliometric analysis; Citespace; knowledge mapping; regenerative medicine; sport
Charbonneau D.H.; Vardell E.; Huber J.T.; Shapiro R.M., II; Kean E.B.	Publication Output and Trends of LIS Faculty Teaching Health-Related Courses: Connecting Research, Teaching, and Practice	2024	Journal of Education for Library and Information Science	10.3138/jelis-2023-0004	The publication output of Library and Information Science (LIS) faculty teaching health courses has not been analyzed. The purpose of this bibliometric analysis was to examine publication patterns of full-time LIS faculty that teach health-related courses for library science programs in the United States and Canada. Full-time LIS faculty teaching health-related courses in American Library Association (ALA)–accredited programs were identified by searching course listings, faculty profiles, and syllabi from ALA-accredited school websites and contacting deans and directors of schools. The 29 LIS faculty that were identified and met the inclusion criteria were contacted via email in September 2021 and invited to voluntarily share their curricula vitae (CVs) for analysis. A total of 16 respondents provided their CVs, representing a 55% response rate. This was supplemented by locating five more CVs publicly available online. The final sample of LIS faculty was 21, and the bibliometrics analysis was based on a total of 716 publications published from 2011 to 2021 and reported on the CVs from this group of scholars. This analysis resulted in the identification of several patterns. Journal articles were the most common publication type, followed by conference proceedings. Joint authorship patterns were more common than solo authors, highlighting the collaborative nature of research. While faculty published in a range of LIS and interdisciplinary journals, highly cited papers appeared in health specialty journals. This study represents the first step in examining the research output for this under-explored community of LIS scholars. These findings may be of interest to promotion and tenure committees, newer tenure-track faculty, and doctoral students exploring academic careers in this specialized area. © Association for Library and Information Science Education, 2024.	educators; faculty; library science; publication output
Gao L.; Lin F.	Bibliometric visualization analysis of thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome; [硫胺素响应性巨幼细胞贫血综合征的文献计量可视化分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of Preventive Medicine	10.3760/cma.j.cn112150-20240109-00033	Visual analysis of the current status, research hotspots, evolving trends, and future prospects in the field of thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome (TRMA), providing new insights and directions for subsequent research on the pathogenic mechanisms and prevention strategies of TRMA. Taking the core database of Web of Science as the literature source, selecting TRMA-related literature records published from 1997 to 2023 as the research object, and using R software and Citexs database to conduct visual analysis and discussion of the research content. The results showed that a total of 89 publications related to the topic were published from 1997 to 2023, with an average annual publication volume of 3 papers. Classified by country, it was found that the United States, and Israel among other countries and institutions, published a significant number of papers. Through keyword frequency analysis, high frequencies of keywords such as diabetes, deafness, thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia, and mutations in the solute carrier family 19 member 2 (SLC19A2) gene were observed, indicating that to date, these keywords have been the main research directions, highlighting a gradually reached consensus on the mechanism exploration of TRMA. In conclusion, TRMA research focuses on the mechanisms of hot topics such as diabetes, deafness, and thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia, and the core gene SLC19A2 research may currently become a new breakthrough point for future molecular studies. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric visualization analysis; Solute carrier family 19 member 2; Thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome
Salim A.; Suripto; Yuniarti D.; Abasimi I.; Zakiyyah N.A.A.; A'yun I.Q.	Research elevation of bank lending and technological innovation in the excess liquidity countries	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33462	This study examines the intellectual framework research in bank lending and technological innovation relationships in countries with high banking system liquidity. This study employs bibliometrics with R-studio tools and procedures to analyze documents regarding productions, collaborations, keyword occurrences, conceptual structure, and density and centrality occurrence's network. Combining data from the Web of Science and Scopus databases, this study obtained 939 documents from 527 sources with a significant opportunity for further elevation through combination with other themes. The development analysis based on the most related countries indicates that researchers from other countries have also conducted studies identified as having significant banking liquidity. Topic development and thematic evolution show that research on the role of bank lending on technological innovation evolves to environmental issues, with green credit as the most recent and emerging elaboration. For further direction, keywords in investment clusters can help elevate education, commerce, and impact clusters by combining them with research on government taxation, credit provision, sustainable development, and emission control themes. © 2024 The Authors	Bank lending; Bibliometrics analysis; Excess liquidity; Research direction; Technological innovation
Danesh F.; Ghavidel S.	A longitudinal study on knowledge organization publications: using hierarchical clustering and multidimensional scaling	2024	Global Knowledge, Memory and Communication	10.1108/GKMC-05-2022-0111	Purpose: The purpose of this study was a longitudinal study on knowledge organization (KO) realm structure and cluster concepts and emerging KO events based on co-occurrence analysis. Design/methodology/approach: This longitudinal study uses the co-occurrence analysis. This research population includes keywords of articles indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection 1975–1999 and 2000–2018. Hierarchical clustering, multidimensional scaling and co-occurrence analysis were used to conduct the present research. SPSS, UCINET, VOSviewer and NetDraw were used to analyze and visualize data. Findings: The “Information Technology” in 1975–1999 and the “Information Literacy” in 2000–2018, with the highest frequency, were identified as the most widely used keywords of KO in the world. In the first period, the cluster “Knowledge Management” had the highest centrality, the cluster “Strategic Planning” had the highest density in 2000–2018 and the cluster “Information Retrieval” had the highest centrality and density. The two-dimensional map of KO’s thematic and clustering of KO topics by cluster analysis method indicates that in the periods examined in this study, thematic clusters had much overlap in terms of concept and content. Originality/value: The present article uses a longitudinal study to examine the KO’s publications in the past half-century. This paper also uses hierarchical clustering and multidimensional scaling methods. Studying the concepts and thematic trends in KO can impact organizing information as the core of libraries, museums and archives. Also, it can scheme information organizing and promote knowledge management. Because the results obtained from this article can help KO policymakers determine and design the roadmap, research planning, and micro and macro budgeting processes. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Co-word; Knowledge organization (KO); Multidimensional scaling; Scientometrics; Strategic diagram
Feng Y.; Lv M.; Zeng S.; Zeng H.; Yu J.	Knowledge domains and emerging trends in radiotherapy in oesophageal cancer from 2004 to 2023: A bibliometric analysis and visualization study	2024	Journal of Radiation Research	10.1093/jrr/rrae040	Esophageal cancer (EC) is a malignant tumour with high morbidity and mortality rates. Recent studies have shown that much progress has been made in the research of radiotherapy in EC. This study aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the knowledge structure and research hotspots of radiotherapy in EC through bibliometrics. Publications related to radiotherapy in EC from 2014 to 2023 were searched on the web of science core collection database. VOSviewers, CiteSpace and R package 'bibliometrix' were used to conduct this bibliometric analysis. In total, 4258 articles from 76 countries led by China and the USA were included. The Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences - Peking Union Medical College has the highest number of publications. International Journal of Radiation Oncology Biology Physics is the most popular journal and also the most co-cited journal in this field. These publications come from 21 972 authors among which Liao Zhongxing had published the most papers and Cooper JS was co-cited most often. Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy and strategies based on it are the main topics in this research field. 'IMRT' and 'immunotherapy' are the primary keywords of emerging research hotspots. This is a bibliometric study that comprehensively summarizes the research trends and developments of radiotherapy in EC. This information identifies recent research frontiers and hot directions, which will provide a reference for scholars studying radiotherapy in EC.  © 2024 The Author(s).	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; esophageal cancer; radiotherapy; VOSviewers
Zhong W.; Gu Z.; Lan C.; Liao X.	Bibliometric analysis of myopia research from 2013 to 2022 based on Web of Science; [基于Web of Science的2013—2022年近视研究领域文献计量分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of Experimental Ophthalmology	10.3760/cma.j.cn115989-20230213-00053	Objective To analyze the current status and hotspots of myopia research in the past 10 years and the future development direction based on the bibliometric method. Methods Relevant original research and reviews on myopia published from January 1, 2013 to December 31, 2022 were retrieved from the Web of Science core database.Co-occurrence analysis of countries, research organizations, and authors was performed using the VOSviewer software.Cluster analysis of keywords and co-cited references was performed using the CiteSpace software. Results A total of 9 745 articles were included, involving 123 countries/regions, 7 150 institutions, and 29 343 authors.The analysis revealed that the global publication in myopia has been increasing, with China having the highest publication, and research from the United States being the most cited.Keyword analysis showed that the early hotspots of myopia mainly focused on refractive surgery, diagnosis and treatment of complications, genetics, and epidemiological characteristics, while recent research has rapidly shifted towards myopia prevention and control.The results of the cluster analysis of the co-cited references showed that myopia research contained several clusters, such as #0 school-aged children, #1 small incision lenticule extraction, #2 myopia control, #3 refractive error, #4 contact lenses, etc.The current research frontier focuses on myopia management technology, myopia and retinal and choroidal vessels, and the application of artificial intelligence in myopia. Conclusions Myopia research in the past 10 years covers a wide range of disciplines, including ophthalmology, molecular biology, genetics, optometry and epidemiology.In the future, there is a need to further explore the etiology and pathogenesis of myopia, enhance early identification and screening methods, improve management techniques for myopia, advance artificial intelligence-assisted diagnosis of myopia to develop more effective and safe strategies for myopia prevention and control. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Data visualization; Myopia; Myopia prevention and control; Refractive surgery; VOSviewer; Web of Science
He S.; Zeng H.	A commentary on 'Global research status and frontiers on autophagy in hepatocellular carcinoma: a comprehensive bibliometric and visualized analysis'	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001343	[No abstract available]	N/A
Roa-Espinoza R.; Araya-Castillo L.; Rubio Rivera A.; Moraga-Flores H.	Job Performance: A systematic literature review from a sciencemetric analysis; [Desempeño Laboral: Una revisión sistemática de la literatura desde un análisis cienciométrico]	2024	Revista Venezolana de Gerencia	10.52080/rvgluz.29.e11.41	Within the framework of the needs faced by organizations in unstable and highly uncertain environments, a bibliometric and scientometric analysis of the concept of Job Performance, from 1975 to 2022 in Web of Science, was performed, considering 9,855 scientific articles, using visualization of similarities (VOS) mapping techniques of the VOSviewer software package, version 1.6.15 developed by Van Eck & Waltman, (2020) which allow to know the elements to face such environments and increase their job performance. Therefore, the study seeks to perform a bibliometric and scientometric analysis of work performance to assess its impact on various organizational environments. The results showed an exponential growth in scientific production in recent years, showing that there are potential lines of development for this increasingly strategic topic, reflected in the strong interest in the concept of search in the last 5 years. The main contribution of this research is to highlight a construct as a useful tool for the professional community and to synthesize knowledge in order to offer an updated discussion on research in Work Performance. © 2024, Universidad del Zulia. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; job performance; labor motivation; labor satisfaction; scientometrics; Web of Science
Huang X.; Ali N.M.; Sahrani S.	Evolution and Future of Serious Game Technology for Older Adults	2024	Information (Switzerland)	10.3390/info15070385	Serious games play a key role in the medical field, particularly in enhancing cognitive abilities in the elderly. However, the sensory organs of the elderly decline over time, and the intervention effect of traditional serious games for older adults. The objective of this study is to identify the evolution and current problems of serious game technology for the elderly by using bibliometric analysis. We selected 319 relevant documents from 2013 to 2024 from the Web of Science (WOS) database. This study uses Publish or Perish (Windows GUl Edition) and VOSviewer (1.6.20) for performance analysis and scientific charting. We deeply analyze the early trends, emerging technologies, and publication trends, including citations and journals, subject areas, and regional and institutional. Here, we identified serious games for older adults rely heavily on visual presentation, often utilizing screens for screening, rehabilitation, and therapeutic interventions. This may cause further visual impairment in older adults who are experiencing visual decline. In addition, we proposed the combination of rich tactile feedback and external devices as one of the effective solutions to the current problems for future research. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; cognitive; health aging; mobile; older adults; serious games
Alazaiza M.Y.D.; Alzghoul T.M.; Amr S.A.; Bangalore Ramu M.; Nassani D.E.	Bibliometric Insights into Car Wash Wastewater Treatment Research: Trends and Perspectives	2024	Water (Switzerland)	10.3390/w16142034	Car wash wastewater (CWW) poses a significant environmental danger due to its high chemical oxygen demand (COD), heavy metals, and anionic surfactant complex composition, all of which can have an adverse effect on the environment. Even with the extensive research on CWW treatment, further study is necessary to improve our comprehension in this field. With an emphasis on CWW treatment processes and research trends, this study offers a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of 208 articles from the Scopus database. The analysis reveals that more than 55.77% of the research publications were released within the last five years, suggesting that there is increasing interest in the treatment of CWW. According to the data, the most important journal in this field is Desalination and Water Treatment. China and India were major research contributors. The main research directions in this area are properly indicated by the frequently used keywords “carwash wastewater”, “electrocoagulation”, “wastewater treatment”, and “water reuse”, according to an analysis of the keywords. Electrocoagulation, coagulation, and adsorption are common methods that are gaining popularity. In recent years, the most often researched CWW contaminants included those measured by COD and heavy metals. The results of this research offer an overview of recent developments. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; carwash wastewater; CWW; research trends; treatment methods; VOSviewer
Lv H.; Feng Z.; Chen X.; Zhang Z.; Zhou T.; Wei J.; Feng L.; Tao Y.; Chen F.; Lu S.	Global scientific trends on exosomes therapy for osteoporosis from 2004 to 2023: A bibliometric and visualized analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038835	Background: Exosomes have emerged as pivotal mediators in modulating physiological and pathological processes implicated in osteoporosis (OP) through their distinctive mode of intracellular communication. The use of exosomes has evoked considerable interest, catalyzing a surge in research endeavors on a global scale. This study endeavors to scrutinize contemporary landscapes and burgeoning trends in this realm. Methods: The Web of Science Core Collection was used to retrieve publications on exosomes therapy for OP within the time frame of January 1, 2004 to December 31, 2023. The bibliometric methodology was applied to study and index the collected data. VOSviewer and citespace software were used to conduct visualization, co-authorship, co-occurrence, and publication trend analyses of exosome therapy in OP. Results: A total of 610 publications (443 articles and 167 reviews) from 51 countries and 911 institutions were included in this study. Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Central South University, Sichuan University, and Zhejiang University are leading research institutions in this field. Stem Cell Research Therapy published the highest number of articles and has emerged as the most cited journal. Of the 4077 scholars who participated in the study, Xie, Hui, Zhang, Yan, Tan, and Yi-Juan had the largest number of articles. Furthermore, according to the cluster analysis of external keywords, future research hotspots can be categorized into 3 directions: research status of exosomes for the treatment of OP, treatment of OP through exosome-regulated signaling pathways, and exosomes as targeted drug delivery systems. Conclusion: This study suggests that the number of future publications on exosome therapy for OP will increase, with a focus on fundamental investigations into drug-loading capacities and molecular mechanisms. In summary, this study presents the first systematic bibliometric analysis of exosome therapy publications in OP, providing an objective and comprehensive overview of the field and a valuable reference for researchers in this domain. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; cellular senescence; exosomes; mesenchymal stem cells; osteoblasts; osteoclasts; osteoporosis
Cao Y.; Bian J.; Han Y.; Liu J.; Ma Y.; Feng W.; Deng Y.; Yu Y.	Progress and Prospects of Microplastic Biodegradation Processes and Mechanisms: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Toxics	10.3390/toxics12070463	In order to visualize the content and development patterns of microplastic biodegradation research, the American Chemical Society (ACS), Elsevier, Springer Link, and American Society for Microbiology (ASM) were searched for the years 2012–2022 using Citespace and VOSvivewer for bibliometrics and visual analysis. The biodegradation processes and mechanisms of microplastics were reviewed on this basis. The results showed a sharp increase in the number of publications between 2012 and 2022, peaking in 2020–2021, with 62 more publications than the previous decade. The University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS), Northwest A&F University (NWAFU), and Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS) are the top three research institutions in this field. Researchers are mainly located in China, The United States of America (USA), and India. Furthermore, the research in this field is primarily concerned with the screening of functional microorganisms, the determination of functional enzymes, and the analysis of microplastic biodegradation processes and mechanisms. These studies have revealed that the existing functional microorganisms for microplastic biodegradation are bacteria, predominantly Proteobacteria and Firmicutes; fungi, mainly Ascomycota; and some intestinal microorganisms. The main enzymes secreted in the process are hydrolase, oxidative, and depolymerization enzymes. Microorganisms degrade microplastics through the processes of colonization, biofilm retention, and bioenzymatic degradation. These studies have elucidated the current status of and problems in the microbial degradation of microplastics, and provide a direction for further research on the degradation process and molecular mechanism of functional microorganisms. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; biodegradation; mechanism research; microplastic
Zhu Y.P.; Zhu Y.; Fan L.Z.	Research on hotspots and evolution paths in the field of health information behavior: a comparison study of bibliometrics based on CNKI and WoS data	2024	Library Hi Tech	10.1108/LHT-08-2022-0399	Purpose: This study aimed to examine the research hotspots and evolution paths in the field of health information behavior (HIB) in China and abroad, and conduct comparative analysis to better understand its development trajectory globally. Design/methodology/approach: A keyword search of the relevant literature included in the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database and Web of Science (WoS) core collection database was conducted, using the visualized analysis tool CiteSpace V for bibliometric analyses. Findings: The common research hotspots in China and abroad can be divided into related research on HIB, research on its influencing factors and health information research. Among these, health information-seeking behavior has been the focus of domestic and foreign scholars. From the subdivision perspective, the focus of Chinese and foreign research hotspots differs. In terms of evolutionary path, the initial stage of HIB research in China and abroad revolves around health information and health information-seeking behavior, followed by the influencing factors of HIB; however, the research breakthrough point is the reverse. Then, domestic and foreign research was conducted on different types of HIBs. Regarding the selection of research objects, Chinese and foreign research objects were increasingly diversified. Research limitations/implications: This study also has several limitations. First, the literature sample only selected the literature in the WoS and CNKI databases, and there may be many HIB-related works published in other databases. Therefore, future research should include other databases. Second, in terms of language, this study selected only Chinese and English literature, but in many countries, important research results on certain topics are usually published in native language, and future research should expand the language selection. Third, this study only conducted national and institutional collaboration network analysis, keyword co-occurrence analysis, cluster analysis and timeline chart analysis. Practical implications: The implication of practice can be divided into the following three points. (1) Analyzing the domestic and foreign literature on HIB and identifying highly cooperative institutions and countries in the field of HIB can reveal the research situation of HIB and help researchers establish new research networks in the future. (2) Analyzing the research hotspots and evolutionary paths of HIB at home and abroad is helpful for quickly understanding the development context of this field and grasping the emerging research directions such as HIB of people in close contact with patients, health information exchange behavior, health information avoidance behavior and health information discontinuation behavior, which can help researchers to explore the future research direction in this field, so as to determine the topic and fill the research gap. (3) Combining the analysis of HIB-related research at home and abroad is helpful for professionals to understand the characteristics and rules of HIB of users, consumers and other groups to further optimize and improve health information services. Originality/value: Comparing and summarizing the research status of HIB in China and globally, and presenting the findings visually, will help researchers better grasp the research overview and hotspot changes in this field, as well as provide a follow-up reference. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Evolutionary path; Health information behavior; HIB; Research hotspot
Liu X.; Tang Z.; Li H.; Zhang W.	Visual analysis of knowledge graph of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium based on CiteSpace; [基于 CiteSpace 的陈皮知识图谱可视化分析]	2024	Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs	10.7501/j.issn.0253-2670.2024.14.020	Objective To visualize and analyze the research status and hotspots of Chenpi (Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium) by the bibliometric software CiteSpace, so as to explore the research collaboration trend of global scholars in the field of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium in recent years, sort out the dynamic changes of research hotspots, and provide reference for future research directions. Methods The relevant literatures on Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium were systematically extracted from CNKI database and Web of Science database. CiteSpace software was used to visualize the research authors, institutions and keywords, and analyze the research status and development trend of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium. Results A total of 497 valid domestic literatures related to Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium were finally included, including 123 literatures related to Guangchenpi (pericarp of Citrus reticulata ‘Chachi’ from Guangdong Xinhui) and 276 valid English literatures related to Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium. The analysis results of literature authors and institutions showed that LIU Youping from Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine had the largest number of papers on Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium, and the largest number of papers published by research institutions was Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine. There were three major institutional cooperation groups with Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Infinitus China-South China Agricultural University, Sun Yat-sen University and other institutions as the core, which were more closely related to the research cooperation of Guangchenpi. Literature keyword analysis showed that the research content of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium mainly focuses on chemical composition, pharmacological action and quality evaluation, among which how to ensure the quality and safety of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium is the current research hotspot. Conclusion The research on Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium is still in the stage of sustainable development. The importance of Guangchenpi as a genuine medicinal material cannot be ignored. In the future, the research in related fields can focus on the following aspects: the study of the authentic genuineness of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium, the study of the origin traceability, and the study of the functional material basis. In addition, the research on the aging of Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium also has important research value for realizing the high-quality development of the industry. © 2024 Editorial Office of Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Citri Reticulatae Pericarpium; Guangchenpi; visual analysis
Barja-Ore J.; Zagaceta-Guevara Z.	Bibliometric Exploration of the Global Scientific Output on Breast Pumps	2024	Journal of South Asian Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology	10.5005/jp-journals-10006-2437	Introduction: Breast pumps represent valuable tools to promote continued breastfeeding. Aim: Describe the characteristics of the global scientific production of breast pumps indexed in Scopus. Materials and methods: Descriptive study based on bibliometric methodology. A search equation was created using keywords and logical operators. We found 362 articles in Scopus and selected 292 that met the selection criteria. Visibility, impact, and collaboration indicators were estimated using the SciVal tool. Results: The University of Western Australia had the most publications, although the University of Toronto (18.6) in Canada had the highest average number of citations per publication. The most productive authors were Geddes Donna Tracy and Lai Ching Tat; however, Meier Paula Primmer had 67% more expected citations than the overall average. National collaboration was present in approximately 50% of the publications. Articles in first-quartile journals are published in higher numbers and with a positive trend from 2013 to 2022. Most of the most productive journals were positioned in the Q1 quartile, of these, the Journal of Human Lactation and Breastfeeding Medicine had the most publications. Conclusion: Research on breast pumps increased, especially in journals positioned in the first and second quartile. National cooperation is the most frequent, with the United States as one of the countries with the most institutions among the most productive. © The Author(s).	Bibliometric analyses; Breast pump; Breast pumpings; Breastfeeding
Agyei V.; Adom-Asamoah G.; Poku-Boansi M.	Sustainable transportation in Africa: A bibliometric, visualisation and thematic analysis	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142727	Sustainable transportation plays a crucial role in achieving development objectives at the local, national and global levels. Numerous studies have focused on sustainable transportation, but there is a limited effort to review these studies to influence future research direction, particularly in the African context. Thus, the purpose of this study is to review research on sustainable transportation in Africa to understand the predominant research topics, knowledge gaps, and directions for future research. The study employed PRISMA protocol for the data collection and a total of 238 articles were retrieved from the SCOPUS database. The study used bibliometrix software and VOSviewer to generate the results and qualitative analysis to identify the knowledge gap and directions for future studies. Five research topics and four knowledge gaps were identified. The proposed areas for further research centres on the social dimension of transport sustainability, information and communication technology (ICT) and transportation, non-motorised transport with an emphasis on walking, as well as transport and disaster risk. The study included only English journal articles from the SCOPUS database, potentially excluding other significant studies. However, this study provides a valuable overview of sustainable transportation research in Africa, beneficial for both academics and non-academics involved in transport planning and policy-making. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Africa; Bibliometric analysis; Emissions; Sustainability; Transportation; Walking
De Sire A.; Ferrillo M.	Rehabilitation for temporomandibular disorders	2024	Journal of Back and Musculoskeletal Rehabilitation	10.3233/BMR-245003	[No abstract available]	N/A
Guadalupe G.A.; Grandez-Yoplac D.E.; García L.; Doménech E.	A Comprehensive Bibliometric Study in the Context of Chemical Hazards in Coffee	2024	Toxics	10.3390/toxics12070526	The research aimed to carefully review the chemical hazards linked to the coffee production chain to analyse the risks and opportunities for consumers and the environment, as well as identify potential knowledge gaps. The Scopus database was consulted from 1949 to April 2024 to conduct a bibliometric analysis. As a result, 680 articles were analysed. Results indicated a significant increase in research activity since 2015. China, Brazil, and the USA were the leading countries in scientific production and collaborations. The most prolific journals in this field were Chemosphere, Science of the Total Environment, Food Chemistry, Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, and Journal of Environmental Management, all of which are in the first quartile. The word analysis revealed two main themes: the first focuses on the chemical hazards of coffee and their impact on health, while the second explores the waste generated during coffee production and its potential for reuse. The topics covered in the research include the composition of coffee, associated chemical hazards, possible health risks, and ways to reuse waste for environmental protection. Future research should concentrate on optimising techniques and processes to ensure quality, safety, and sustainability. © 2024 by the authors.	coffee by-products; environment; health; pollutants; risk assessment
Shang R.; Pan T.; Wang F.; Jin H.; Nan X.; Song C.	Current and future trends of acupuncture as an adjuvant therapy in cancer: A bibliometric and visual analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038663	Background: Acupuncture, as one of the representatives of complementary therapies, is often used as an adjunctive therapy in the treatment of cancer and related complications with beneficial results. Methods: We selected the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database as the data source and searched to obtain relevant literatures on the application of acupuncture in cancer treatment. The relevant literature was analyzed using CiteSpace (version 6.1.R6) and VOSviewer (version 1.6.20). Results: A total of 592 publications were included, with an overall upward trend in the number of publications. There were 135 countries or institutions involved, with China as the most published country. There were 1888 related institutions, and Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center was the institution with the most publications. A total of 3067 authors were involved, and there were obvious collaborations between authors. There were 190 related journals, and J Clin Oncol was the most cited journal. The most frequently occurring keywords were breast cancer and management, but also other related topics such as quality of life, chemotherapy, and complementary. Conclusion: Acupuncture is gaining increasing attention as an adjunctive therapy in cancer treatment programs. Currently, relevant research focuses on acupuncture to alleviate cancer-induced comorbid symptoms, such as pain and insomnia. Future research is gradually shifting toward spiritual care, Colorectal Cancer Surgery, and systematic review.  Copyright © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	acupuncture; bibliometric analysis; cancer; current state of research
Medias F.; Rosari R.; Susamto A.A.; Ab Rahman A.B.	A bibliometric analysis on innovation in philanthropy research: a study based on Scopus database	2024	International Journal of Innovation Science	10.1108/IJIS-08-2022-0139	Purpose: Intellectual curiosity about innovation in philanthropic organizations has grown recently. This study aims to provide a thorough bibliometric analysis of the patterns and trends in the scientific literature on innovation in philanthropy. Design/methodology/approach: Based on the Scopus database, a descriptive bibliometric analysis with a visualization tool (RStudio®) was used to assess the creation of 159 articles on innovation in philanthropic organizations. Findings: This research finds a large number of papers on innovation in philanthropic organizations. According to this study, the USA has published more research than any other country. The Icahn School of Medicine has the most popular publications, followed by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. According to the number of citations, the Journal of Business Ethics is the most prolific journal. However, according to the h-index, Corporate Reputation Review is the most important publication. Halme M is regarded as a prominent scholar. With 244 citations, the work of Kramer MR and Porter ME is the most referenced. “Philanthropy” is the most often used keywords category, followed by “innovation” and “social innovation”. Practical implications: This study can serve as a useful reference for researchers conducting bibliometric research by offering information on the field’s famous authors. Furthermore, the outcomes of this study make it straightforward for researchers to seek extensive academic collaboration in this field. Originality/value: To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this study is the first to present a pattern in research on innovation in philanthropic organizations. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; Innovation; Philanthropy; Scopus database
He Y.; Gao J.; Liu Y.; Qian J.	Global trends and hotspots related to whiplash injury: A visualization study	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038777	"Whiplash injury, commonly occurring as a result of car accidents, represents a significant public health concern. However, to date, no comprehensive study has utilized bibliometric approaches to analyze all published research on whiplash injury. Therefore, our study aims to provide an overview of current trends and the global research landscape using bibliometrics and visualization software. We performed a bibliometric analysis of the data retrieved and extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection database in whiplash injury research up to December 31, 2022. Research articles were assessed for specific characteristics, such as year of publication, country/region, institution, author, journal, field of study, references, and keywords. We identified 1751 research articles in the analysis and observed a gradual growth in the number of publications and references. The United States (379 articles, 21.64%), Canada (309 articles, 17.65%), and Australia (280 articles, 16.00%) emerged as the top-contributing countries/regions. Among institutions, the University of Queensland (169 articles, 9.65%) and the University of Alberta (106 articles, 6.05%) demonstrated the highest productivity. ""Whiplash,""""Neck Pain,""""Cervical Spine Disease,""and ""Whiplash-associated Disorders""are high-frequency keywords. Furthermore, emerging areas of research interest included traumatic brain injury and mental health issues following whiplash injury. The number of papers and citations has increased significantly over the past 2 decades. Whiplash injury research is characteristically multidisciplinary in approach, involving the fields of rehabilitation, neuroscience, and spinal disciplines. By identifying current research trends, our study offers valuable insights to guide future research endeavors in this field. © 2024 the Author(s)."	bibliometric analysis; global trends; visualization; whiplash injury
Peries S.D.; Sewwandi M.; Sandanayake S.; Kwon H.-H.; Vithanage M.	Airborne transboundary microplastics–A Swirl around the globe	2024	Environmental Pollution	10.1016/j.envpol.2024.124080	Microplastics are persistent pollutants discovered and extensively researched in marine, freshwater, and terrestrial ecosystems but have yet to receive attention in an atmospheric context. Although recent reports stated the presence of microplastics in the air, their global existence and distribution are not critically discussed to date. This review aimed to investigate the current status of research on atmospheric microplastics through bibliometric analysis and by comparing and summarising published research on global distribution. The review also provides a summary of methods that have been used to collect samples, identify microplastics, quantify their occurrence, and determine their transport mechanisms. The bibliometric analysis revealed that atmospheric microplastic studies predominantly originated in China. Clothing, vehicle, and tire materials were the major primary sources while house furniture, construction materials, landfills, urban dust, plastic recycling processes, and agricultural sludge were precursor secondary sources. Polyethylene, polypropylene, and polyethylene terephthalate microfibres have most frequently found in indoor and outdoor atmospheres. Level of urbanization and temporal or spatial distributions governs the fate of airborne microplastics, however, the knowledge gap in the retention and circulation of microplastics through the atmosphere is still large. Many challenges and limitations were identified in the methods used, presentation of data, aerodynamic processes facilitating atmospheric transport, and scarcity of research in spatially and temporally diverse contexts. The review concluded that there was a greater need for globalization of research, methods and data standardization, and emphasizes the potential for future research with atmospheric transportation modelling and thermochemical analysis. © 2024 The Authors	Atmosphere; Bibliometric analysis; Circulation; Particulate matter; Road dust
Dabbagh A.; Ahmadizadeh S.N.; Behnaz F.; Fani K.; Ghasemi M.; Goharani R.; Jahangirifard A.; Malekianzadeh B.; Massoudi N.; Memary E.; Moshari M.R.; Sabouri A.S.; Salaarian S.; Sezari P.	Faculty Development Program and the Outcome of Academic Development	2024	Journal of Iranian Medical Council	10.18502/jimc.v7i3.15723	"Background: Faculty Development Programs (FDPs) aim to improve the academic careers of faculty members. This study was designed to assess the attitudes of faculty members and the impact of FDP on their academic improvement. Methods: 12 faculty members took part in the research from 2016 to 2019. Using a Delphi method, an open secure questionnaire was provided to 12 junior faculty members in the Department of Anesthesia, Critical Care (DACC), Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences (SBMU), Tehran, Iran. Then, the keywords of the latter were analyzed, leading to a 32-item closed-answer questionnaire, filled out by the same participants. Also, the impact of the study was assessed using bibliometric improvement indices. Results: Both the response rate and participation rate were 100%. Approximately all the participants considered FDP an advantageous and promising academic program. 65 percent of the participants had academic improvement, from ""Assistant Professor""to ""Associate Professor""rank. Besides, the cumulative number of citations to the participants had a 16.2 times improvement. Both latter results were significantly higher than the mean improvement of the cohort faculty members in the DACC, SBMU. Conclusion: Faculty members of DACC, SBMU had positive attitudes towards FDP and described it as ""a well-designed multilateral academic teamwork, thriving ethical, educational, managerial and research-related capacities"". Also, objective improvement in some academic indices was observed. In many academic environments including developing countries, FDPs are effective scientific investment methods.  Copyright © 2024, Journal of Iranian Medical Council. All rights reserved."	Anesthesia; Bibliometrics; Critical care; Delphi technique; Developing countries; Formycin diphosphate; Humans; Iran; Optimism; Questionnaires; Surveys
Zhang B.; Guo Y.; Lu Y.; Ma D.; Wang X.; Zhang L.	Bibliometric and visualization analysis of the application of inorganic nanomaterials to autoimmune diseases	2024	Biomaterials Science	10.1039/d3bm02015k	Objective: To conduct bibliometric analysis of the application of inorganic nanomaterials to autoimmune diseases to characterize current research trends and to visualize past and emerging trends in this field in the past 15 years. Methods: The evolution and thematic trends of the application of inorganic nanomaterials to autoimmune diseases from January 1, 1985, to March 15, 2024, were analyzed by bibliometric analysis of data retrieved and extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database. A total of 734 relevant reports in the literature were evaluated according to specific characteristics such as year of publication, journal, institution, country/region, references, and keywords. VOSviewer was used to build co-authorship analysis, co-occurrence analysis, co-citation analysis, and network visualization. Some important subtopics identified by bibliometric characterization are further discussed and reviewed. Result: From 2009 to 2024, annual publications worldwide increased from 11 to 95, an increase of 764%. ACS Nano published the most papers (14) with the most citations (1372). China (230 papers, 4922 citations) and the Chinese Academy of Sciences (36 papers, 718 citations) are the most productive and influential country and institution, respectively. The first 100 keywords were co-clustered to form four clusters: (1) the application of inorganic nanomaterials in drug delivery, (2) the application of inorganic nano-biosensing to autoimmune diseases, (3) the use of inorganic nanomaterials for imaging applied to autoimmune diseases, and (4) the application of inorganic nanomaterials in the treatment of autoimmune diseases. Combination therapy, microvesicles, photothermal therapy (PTT), targeting, diagnostics, transdermal, microneedling, silver nanoparticles, psoriasis, and inflammatory cytokines are the latest high-frequency keywords, marking the emerging frontier of inorganic nanomaterials in the field of autoimmune diseases. Sub-topics were further discussed to help researchers determine the scope of research topics and plan research directions. Conclusion: Over the past 39 years, the application of inorganic nanotechnology to the field of autoimmune diseases shows extensive cooperation between countries and institutions, showing a continuous increase in the number of reports in the literature, and has clinical translation prospects. Future research should further improve the safety of inorganic nanomaterials, clarify the mechanism of action of nanomaterials, establish a standardized nanomaterial preparation and performance evaluation system, and ultimately achieve the goal of early detection and precise treatment of autoimmune diseases. © 2024 The Royal Society of Chemistry.	N/A
Al-Addous M.; Bdour M.; Rabaiah S.; Boubakri A.; Schweimanns N.; Barbana N.; Wellmann J.	Innovations in Solar-Powered Desalination: A Comprehensive Review of Sustainable Solutions for Water Scarcity in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) Region	2024	Water (Switzerland)	10.3390/w16131877	Water scarcity poses significant challenges in arid regions like the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) due to constant population growth, considering the effects of climate change and water management aspects. The desalination technologies face problems like high energy consumption, high investment costs, and significant environmental impacts by brine discharge. This paper researches the relationships among water scarcity, energy-intensive desalination, and the development of renewable energy in MENA, with a particular focus on the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries. It examines innovations in solar-powered desalination, considering both solar photovoltaic (PV) and solar thermal technologies, in combination with traditional thermal desalination methods such as multi-effect distillation (MED) and multi-stage flash (MSF). The environmental impacts associated with desalination by brine discharge are also discussed, analyzing innovative technological solutions and avoidance strategies. Utilizing bibliometrics, this report provides a comprehensive analysis of scientific literature for the assessment of the research landscape in order to recognize trends in desalination technologies in the MENA region, providing valuable insights into emerging technologies and research priorities. Despite challenges such as high initial investment costs, technical complexities, and limited funding for research and development, the convergence of water scarcity and renewable energy presents significant opportunities for integrated desalination systems in GCC countries. Summarizing, this paper emphasizes the importance of interdisciplinary approaches and international collaboration by addressing the complex challenges of water scarcity and energy sustainability in the MENA region. By leveraging renewable energy sources and advancing desalination technologies, the region can achieve water security while mitigating environmental impacts and promoting economic development. © 2024 by the authors.	environmental challenges; GCC; high energy consumption; membrane fouling; MENA; renewable energy; reverse osmosis; solar energy; solar thermal; water resource; water sustainability
Fu L.; Cai M.; Zhao Y.; Zhang Z.; Qian Q.; Xue H.; Chen Y.; Sun Z.; Zhao Q.; Wang S.; Wang C.; Wang W.; Jiang Y.; Tian Y.; Ma J.; Guo W.; Liu F.	Twenty-five years of research on resting-state fMRI of major depressive disorder: A bibliometric analysis of hotspots, nodes, bursts, and trends	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e33833	Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a debilitating mental health condition that poses significant risks and burdens. Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) has emerged as a promising tool in investigating the neural mechanisms underlying MDD. However, a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of resting-state fMRI in MDD is currently lacking. Here, we aimed to thoroughly explore the trends and frontiers of resting-state fMRI in MDD research. The relevant publications were retrieved from the Web of Science database for the period between 1998 and 2022, and the CiteSpace software was employed to identify the influence of authors, institutions, countries/regions, and the latest research trends. A total of 1501 publications met the search criteria, revealing a gradual increase in the number of annual publications over the years. China contributed the largest publication output, accounting for the highest percentage among all countries. Particularly, the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Capital Medical University, and Harvard Medical School were identified as key institutions that have made substantial contributions to this growth. Neuroimage, Biological Psychiatry, Journal of Affective Disorders, and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America are among the influential journals in the field of resting-state fMRI research in MDD. Burst keywords analysis suggest the emerging research frontiers in this field are characterized by prominent keywords such as dynamic functional connectivity, cognitive control network, transcranial brain stimulation, and childhood trauma. Overall, our study provides a systematic overview into the historical development, current status, and future trends of resting-state fMRI in MDD, thus offering a useful guide for researchers to plan their future research. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Knowledge graphs; Major depressive disorder; Resting-state fMRI
Tan H.; Othman M.H.D.; Kek H.Y.; Chong W.T.; Nyakuma B.B.; Wahab R.A.; Teck G.L.H.; Wong K.Y.	Revolutionizing indoor air quality monitoring through IoT innovations: a comprehensive systematic review and bibliometric analysis	2024	Environmental Science and Pollution Research	10.1007/s11356-024-34075-2	Indoor air quality (IAQ) in the built environment is significantly influenced by particulate matter, volatile organic compounds, and air temperature. Recently, the Internet of Things (IoT) has been integrated to improve IAQ and safeguard human health, comfort, and productivity. This review seeks to highlight the potential of IoT integration for monitoring IAQ. Additionally, the paper details progress by researchers in developing IoT/mobile applications for IAQ monitoring, and their transformative impact in smart building, healthcare, predictive maintenance, and real-time data analysis systems. It also outlines the persistent challenges (e.g., data privacy, security, and user acceptability), hampering effective IoT implementation for IAQ monitoring. Lastly, the global developments and research landscape on IoT for IAQ monitoring were examined through bibliometric analysis (BA) of 106 publications indexed in Web of Science from 2015 to 2022. BA revealed the most significant contributing countries are India and Portugal, while the top productive institutions and researchers are Instituto Politecnico da Guarda (10.37% of TP) and Marques Goncalo (15.09% of TP), respectively. Keyword analysis revealed four major research themes: IoT, pollution, monitoring, and health. Overall, this paper provides significant insights for identifying prospective collaborators, benchmark publications, strategic funding, and institutions for future IoT-IAQ researchers. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.). © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	COVID-19; Indoor air quality (IAQ); Infectious particles; Internet of Things (IoT); Sustainable development goals (SDGs)
Gao W.; Larjavaara M.	Wind disturbance in forests: A bibliometric analysis and systematic review	2024	Forest Ecology and Management	10.1016/j.foreco.2024.122001	Forests are susceptible to sudden disturbances, particularly those induced by wind, leading potentially to important ecological changes and economic losses. The extensive multidisciplinary literature on this topic poses challenges for traditional literature reviews. Employing quantitative bibliometric analysis, our study provides a comprehensive overview of the evolving landscape of forest wind disturbance research. A systematic data collection process from the Web of Science Core Collection identified 839 relevant publications. Results reveal a consistent growth in publications, with a notable spike corresponding to Hurricane Hugo. Most contributions originate from the United States, showcasing leadership in collaboration both nationally and institutionally. Co-citation analysis identifies three overarching research themes: factors influencing wind disturbance, the impacts of wind disturbance, and an integrated exploration of factors and impacts. Thematic map analysis unveils that key topics include windthrow, tree motion during windstorms, European forests, wind damage risk estimation, hurricane impacts on forests, and long-term impacts of wind disturbances. Thematic evolution underscores the dynamic nature of the research themes, with hurricanes and mortality emerging as foundational, while forest structure, tree stability, and Picea abies exhibit evolving complexities. The study also identifies prospective research directions, emphasizing hurricanes, forest structure, climate change, and typhoon-related impacts. This research contributes to a nuanced understanding of the dynamic forest wind disturbance landscape, providing a foundation for future research and enabling better-informed and more effective management decisions. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Forest ecosystem; Systematic review; Wind disturbance; Windthrow
Bornmann L.; Ettl C.; Leibel C.	In search of innovative potential: The challenge of measuring disruptiveness of research using bibliometric data	2024	EMBO Reports	10.1038/s44319-024-00177-8	The Disruption index has attracted significant media attention after a study revealed a trend of decreasing disruptiveness in papers and patents. Critiques of the index question these results and highlight issues of inconsistency, time-sensitive biases, and data-induced biases. (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.	N/A
Vaishya R.; Gupta B.M.; Mamdapur G.M.N.; Misra A.; Vaish A.	Scientometric analysis of global publications on prediabetes and osteoporosis: 1994–2023	2024	Journal of Clinical Orthopaedics and Trauma	10.1016/j.jcot.2024.102493	Background and aims: Prediabetes and osteoporosis are two commonly prevalent diseases that can have interconnected implications for overall well-being. There is a paucity of literature on “prediabetes and osteoporosis”. We aimed to assess the current state of cross-sectional studies involving osteoporosis and prediabetes as well as their bibliometric features. Methods: Publications about prediabetes and osteoporosis between January 1994 and November 2023 were taken from the Scopus database, and VOSviewer and Microsoft Office Excel were used for bibliometric analysis and visualization. Results: We identified 272 documents that were written by 531 authors from 48 countries including 252 organizations. The USA was the leading country with the highest publications (n = 84) and Canada had the largest citation impact per paper (109.0). University of California, San Francisco contributed the most publications (n = 6), while Universita degli Studi di Torino, Italy (275.0 and 5.25), had the highest citation impact. Frontiers in Endocrinology (n = 7), was the most productive journal, while Annals of Internal Medicine (322.0) was the most influential in terms of citation impact per paper. The funded research was 30.5 %, while 17.6 % of research were involved in international collaboration. Conclusion: The number of publications on this topic has increased over three decades. The highest citations per paper were received by the publications which had external funding, followed by those which had international collaboration. All the highly cited papers were published from high-income countries. © 2024 Delhi Orthopedic Association	Bibliometrics; Diabetes mellitus; Osteoporosis; Pre diabetic state; Research
Ben-Gigi N.; Zhitomirsky-Geffet M.; Katzoff B.; Schler J.	Citation network analysis for viewpoint plurality assessment of historical corpora: The case of the medieval rabbinic literature	2024	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0307115	Citation networks enable analysis of author groups, defining in-group dynamics, and mapping out inter-group relationships. While intellectual diversity and inclusiveness is one of the important principles of modern scholarship, it is intriguing to explore the extent to which these principles apply to historical communities of leaders and intellectuals. This paper introduces a novel methodological framework aimed at assessing the degree of viewpoint plurality and diversity of historical scholarship communities, through an in-depth analysis of the citations used in their literature, which has become possible due to the recently developed advanced computational analysis techniques. To achieve this goal, we have devised a set of new network-based indicators grounded in standard network metrics. These indicators can be applied at both the individual author and community levels. The developed methodology was applied to a citation network automatically constructed from a corpus of Rabbinic Halachic literature spanning the 10th to 15th centuries. This corpus includes over 5,000 citations from hundreds of books authored by approximately 140 Rabbinic scholars from six diverse geographic communities. We found that most of the authors and communities cite many more external resources from other communities than their own reflecting a willingness to engage with a diverse range of viewpoints. A more in-depth analysis based on the novel proportional diversity measures unveils more intriguing insights. Contrary to expectations, communities with the greatest number of external citations, such as Spain and Ashkenaz, surprisingly exhibit lower levels of viewpoint plurality compared to others, such as Italy and North Africa, elucidating a key finding of the study.  © 2024 Ben-Gigi et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Illing B.; Sehl J.; Reiser S.	Turbidity effects on prey consumption and survival of larval European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus)	2024	Aquatic Sciences	10.1007/s00027-024-01103-9	The anadromous European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus) plays a key role in food webs of many riverine ecosystems in Europe. However, population sizes in several German rivers (e.g. Elbe or Weser rivers) have diminished drastically over the past decade. Turbidity has been considered one of the stressors affecting the successful recruitment of European smelt, as their early life stages may be particularly sensitive to changes in the abiotic environment. In this study, we investigated whether prey consumption and survival of European smelt larvae would be negatively affected by an acute exposure to elevated turbidity. We reared the larvae in the laboratory and exposed them in four separate trials (18 to 26 days post hatch, 9.5 ± 0.8 mm standard length, mean ± SD) to six turbidity levels (0–500 NTU, nephelometric turbidity units). We found that prey uptake increased at low turbidity levels and decreased at high turbidity levels, with an optimum between 100 and 200 NTU. Survival started to decrease at turbidity levels above 300 NTU. In addition, we conducted a systematic literature analysis in which we found that prey consumption of larval and juvenile fishes had been tested across a wide range of turbidity levels, mostly using pelagic (e.g. planktonic) prey items, with more studies focusing on perciform fishes and juvenile rather than larval life stages. Our empirical findings contribute to establishing thresholds for optimal larval European smelt performance under increased turbidity and provide valuable information for developing mechanistic models that assess potential consequences for European smelt recruitment dynamics. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometrics; Delta smelt; Elbe River; Estuaries; Foraging; Systematic review; Weser River
Kurian J.R.; Evangelatos N.; Kamath A.; Brand H.	Sepsis Research Using Omics Technology in the European Union and the United Kingdom: Maps, Trends, and Future Implications	2024	OMICS A Journal of Integrative Biology	10.1089/omi.2024.0089	High-throughput omics technologies have become valuable tools for systems science research and clinical management of sepsis. This article analyzes sepsis research using omics technologies in the European Union (EU) and the United Kingdom from 1990 to May 2023 using bibliometric data from the Web of Science database. Using VOSviewer for network analysis, we examined the distribution patterns, funding characteristics, and collaborations among the states, noting trends of convergence and divergence. The analysis included 2078 articles, revealing an increasing rate of publications on sepsis research using omics approaches. The United Kingdom’s research output is notably high, contributing 28.3% of the total research from the EU and United Kingdom combined. Germany, France, the Netherlands, and Italy together account for 56.9% of the publications from the EU member states. The United States is the leading international collaborator, particularly with the United Kingdom, followed by Germany and France. The EU-15 countries have significantly more publication outputs in this domain with growing but limited inclusion of the newer members of the EU. We suggest that the role of EU member states and the United Kingdom in sepsis research using omics technologies can be advanced by facilitating high-value, technology-driven health research, fostering collaboration, convergence, and equity in global health and biomedical research. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.	collaboration; network mapping; omics; publication trends; research funding; sepsis
Xin R.; Lim Y.J.	Bibliometric analysis of literature on social media trends during the COVID-19 pandemic	2024	Online Information Review	10.1108/OIR-05-2023-0194	Purpose: This study employs bibliometric analysis to map the research landscape of social media trending topics during the COVID-19 pandemic. The authors aim to offer a comprehensive review of the predominant research organisations and countries, key themes and favoured research methodologies pertinent to this subject. Design/methodology/approach: The authors extracted data on social media trending topics from the Web of Science Core Collection database, spanning from 2009 to 2022. A total of 1,504 publications were subjected to bibliometric analysis, utilising the VOSviewer tool. The study analytical process encompassed co-occurrence, co-authorship, citation analysis, field mapping, bibliographic coupling and co-citation analysis. Findings: Interest in social media research, particularly on trending topics during the COVID-19 pandemic, remains high despite signs of the pandemic stabilising globally. The study predominantly addresses misinformation and public health communication, with notable focus on interactions between governments and the public. Recent studies have concentrated on analysing Twitter user data through text mining, sentiment analysis and topic modelling. The authors also identify key leading organisations, countries and journals that are central to this research area. Originality/value: Diverging from the narrow focus of previous literature reviews on social media, which are often confined to particular fields or sectors, this study offers a broad view of social media's role, emphasising trending topics. The authors demonstrate a significant link between social media trends and public events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The paper discusses research priorities that emerged during the pandemic and outlines potential methodologies for future studies, advocating for a greater emphasis on qualitative approaches. Peer review: The peer-review history for this article is available at: https://publons.com/publon/10.1108/OIR-05-2023-0194. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric analysis; COVID-19; Social media; Trending topics
Song Y.	Commentary on 'Application of three-dimensional printing in cardiovascular diseases: a bibliometric analysis'	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001408	[No abstract available]	N/A
Waqas M.; Xu S.H.; Hussain S.; Aslam M.U.	Control charts in healthcare quality monitoring: a systematic review and bibliometric analysis	2024	International Journal for Quality in Health Care	10.1093/intqhc/mzae060	Control charts, used in healthcare operations to monitor process stability and quality, are essential for ensuring patient safety and improving clinical outcomes. This comprehensive research study aims to provide a thorough understanding of the role of control charts in healthcare quality monitoring and future perspectives by utilizing a dual methodology approach involving a systematic review and a pioneering bibliometric analysis. A systematic review of 73 out of 223 articles was conducted, synthesizing existing literature (1995-2023) and revealing insights into key trends, methodological approaches, and emerging themes of control charts in healthcare. In parallel, a bibliometric analysis (1990-2023) on 184 articles gathered from Web of Science and Scopus was performed, quantitatively assessing the scholarly landscape encompassing control charts in healthcare. Among 25 countries, the USA is the foremost user of control charts, accounting for 33% of all applications, whereas among 14 health departments, epidemiology leads with 28% of applications. The practice of control charts in health monitoring has increased by more than one-third during the last 3 years. Globally, exponentially weighted moving average charts are the most popular, but interestingly the USA remained the top user of Shewhart charts. The study also uncovers a dynamic landscape in healthcare quality monitoring, with key contributors, research networks, research hotspot tendencies, and leading countries. Influential authors, such as J.C. Benneyan, W.H. Woodall, and M.A. Mohammed played a leading role in this field. In-countries networking, USA-UK leads the largest cluster, while other clusters include Denmark- Norway-Sweden, China-Singapore, and Canada-South Africa. From 1990 to 2023, healthcare monitoring evolved from studying efficiency to focusing on conditional monitoring and flowcharting, with human health, patient safety, and health surveys dominating 2011-2020, and recent years emphasizing epidemic control, COronaVIrus Disease of 2019 (COVID-19) statistical process control, hospitals, and human health monitoring using control charts. It identifies a transition from conventional to artificial intelligence approaches, with increasing contributions from machine learning and deep learning in the context of Industry 4.0. New researchers and journals are emerging, reshaping the academic context of control charts in healthcare. Our research reveals the evolving landscape of healthcare quality monitoring, surpassing traditional reviews. We uncover emerging trends, research gaps, and a transition in leadership from established contributors to newcomers amidst technological advancements. This study deepens the importance of control charts, offering insights for healthcare professionals, researchers, and policymakers to enhance healthcare quality. Future challenges and research directions are also provided.  © The Author(s) 2024.	bibliometrics analysis; healthcare quality monitoring; machine learning and deep learning; medical sector; statistical control charts
Yu L.; Che M.; Wu X.; Luo H.	Research on ultrasound-based radiomics: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery	10.21037/qims-23-1867	Background: A large number of studies related to ultrasound-based radiomics have been published in recent years; however, a systematic bibliometric analysis of this topic has not yet been conducted. In this study, we attempted to identify the hotspots and frontiers in ultrasound-based radiomics through bibliometrics and to systematically characterize the overall framework and characteristics of studies through mapping and visualization. Methods: A literature search was carried out in Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database from January 2016 to December 2023 according to a predetermined search formula. Bibliometric analysis and visualization of the results were performed using CiteSpace, VOSviewer, R, and other platforms. Results: Ultimately, 466 eligible papers were included in the study. Publication trend analysis showed that the annual publication trend of journals in ultrasound-based radiomics could be divided into three phases: there were no more than five documents published in this field in any year before 2018, a small yearly increase in the number of annual publications occurred between 2018 and 2022, and a high, stable number of publications appeared after 2022. In the analysis of publication sources, China was found to be the main contributor, with a much higher number of publications than other countries, and was followed by the United States and Italy. Frontiers in Oncology was the journal with the highest number of papers in this field, publishing 60 articles. Among the academic institutions, Fudan University, Sun Yat-sen University, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences ranked as the top three in terms of the number of documents. In the analysis of authors and cocited authors, the author with the most publications was Yuanyuan Wang, who has published 19 articles in 8 years, while Philippe Lambin was the most cited author, with 233 citations. Visualization of the results from the cocitation analysis of the literature revealed a strong centrality of the subject terms papillary thyroid cancer, biological behavior, potential biomarkers, and comparative assessment, which may be the main focal points of research in this subject. Based on the findings of the keyword analysis and cluster analysis, the keywords can be categorized into two major groups: (I) technological innovations that enable the construction of radiomics models such as machine learning and deep learning and (II) applications of predictive models to support clinical decision-making in certain diseases, such as papillary thyroid cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), and breast cancer. Conclusions: Ultrasound-based radiomics has received widespread attention in the medical field and has been gradually been applied in clinical research. Radiomics, a relatively late development in medical technology, has made substantial contributions to the diagnosis, prediction, and prognostic evaluation of diseases. Additionally, the coupling of artificial intelligence techniques with ultrasound imaging has yielded a number of promising tools that facilitate clinical decision-making and enable the practice of precision medicine. Finally, the development of ultrasound-based radiomics requires multidisciplinary cooperation and joint efforts from the field biomedicine, information technology, statistics, and clinical medicine. © Quantitative Imaging in Medicine and Surgery. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; radiomics; ultrasound; visualization
Hu C.; Zhang Y.; Du H.; Lim H.S.	Bibliometric-based analysis of progress and trends in domestic atmospheric aerosol researches on CALIPSO satellites; [基于文献计量的国内CALIPSO 卫星大气气溶胶研究进展与趋势分析]	2024	Guangxue Jishu/Optical Technique	N/A	The Cloud-Aerosol Lidar with Orthogonal Polarization (CALK)P) onboard the CALIPSO satellite provides high-resolution vertical profiles of aerosols and clouds, which plays a significant role in studying the vertical distribution of atmospheric aerosols. The domestic historical researches in the CNKI academic journal database on CALIPSO satellite atmospheric aerosol studies are reviewed in this article, and a visual analysis of research progress, hotspots, and trends in this field is conducted based on the Citespace software. The analysis includes historical publication volume, research institution analysis, research author group analysis, citation analysis, co-occurring keyword analysis, burst keyword analysis, and keyword clustering analysis. A comprehensive summary of the progress, hotspots, and trends in CALIPSO atmospheric aerosol research is presented. © 2024 Optical Technique. All rights reserved.	aerosols; bibliometrics; calipso; cite space; hotspots; trends
Jia S.; Huang J.; Lu W.; Miao Y.; Huang K.; Shi C.; Li S.; Huang J.	Global hotspots and future directions for drugs to improve the skin flap survival: A bibliometric and visualized review	2024	Journal of Pharmaceutical Analysis	10.1016/j.jpha.2024.02.002	Skin flaps are frequently employed in plastic and reconstructive surgery to address tissue defects. However, their low survival rates remain a challenge, attributed to vascular crisis and necrosis. Despite numerous studies investigating drugs to alleviate flap necrosis, a comprehensive analysis of the research trend in this critical area is lacking. To gain a deeper understanding of the current status, research focal points, and future trends in drugs aimed at enhancing flap survival, a thorough retrospective analysis is imperative. This study aims to employ bibliometric methods to scrutinize the evolution, mechanisms, and forthcoming trends of drugs targeting flap survival improvement. Using VOSviewer software, we quantitatively and visually depict 1) annual temporal trends in the number of documents and citations; 2) national/regional publications and their collaborations; 3) institutional and authors’ contribution; 4) journal contribution and relevance; and 5) analysis of research hotspots and directions derived from keywords. Ultimately, we discussed the prospects and challenges of future advances and clinical translation of drugs designed to enhance skin flap survival. In conclusion, the field of pharmacology dedicated to improving skin flap survival is expanding, and this study aims to offer a fresh perspective to promote the advancement and clinical application of such drugs. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric analysis; Drug therapy; Global trends; Skin flap
Wang L.; Wang Y.; Li X.	A commentary on 'Mapping the landscape of immunonutrition and cancer research: a comprehensive bibliometric analysis on behalf of NutriOnc research group'	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001400	[No abstract available]	N/A
Zhang C.; Shi G.; Meng Q.; Hu R.; Li Y.; Hu G.; Wang K.; Huang M.	An approach based on a combination of toxicological experiments and in silico predictions to investigate the adverse outcome pathway (AOP) of paraquat neuro-immunotoxicity	2024	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2024.134607	Paraquat (PQ) exposure is strongly associated with neurotoxicity. However, research on the neurotoxicity mechanisms of PQ varies in terms of endpoints of toxic assessment, resulting in a great challenge to understand the early neurotoxic effects of PQ. In this study, we developed an adverse outcome pathway (AOP) to investigate PQ-induced neuro-immunotoxicity from an immunological perspective, combining of traditional toxicology methods and computer simulations. In vivo, PQ can microstructurally lead to an early synaptic loss in the brain mice, which is a large degree regarded as a main reason for cognitive impairment to mice behavior. Both in vitro and in vivo demonstrated synapse loss is caused by excessive activation of the complement C1q/C3-CD11b pathway, which mediates microglial phagocytosis dysfunction. Additionally, the interaction between PQ and C1q was validated by molecular simulation docking. Our findings extend the AOP framework related to PQ neurotoxicity from a neuro-immunotoxic perspective, highlighting C1q activation as the initiating event for PQ-induced neuro-immunotoxicity. In addition, downstream complement cascades induce abnormal microglial phagocytosis, resulting in reduced synaptic density and subsequent non-motor dysfunction. These findings deepen our understanding of neurotoxicity and provide a theoretical basis for ecological risk assessment of PQ. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Adverse outcome pathway; Early damage; Molecular simulation docking; Neuro-immunotoxicity; Paraquat
Cheng S.; Shen Z.; Halik Ü.; Tian A.; Sawirdin S.	Bibliometrics and research progress in the relationship between seed dispersal and dormancy; [种子扩散与休眠关系研究文献计量与进展综述]	2024	Chinese Journal of Ecology	10.13292/j.1000-4890.202407.023	In plant life history, seed dispersal and seed dormancy are survival strategies to improve seed germination rate, which can avoid the risks from seed germination to seedling establishment in time and space. The relationship between seed dispersal and dormancy is crucial for understanding plant adaption to environmental stresses. In this study, 1017 articles published from 1999 to 2022 were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection on the topic of “seed dispersal” or “seed dormancy”. The literature data were extracted by using the bibliometrix package of the bibliometric tool CiteSpace 6.2.R1 and R software. The statistic information was visualized for annual number of publications, countries of published articles, authors, and keywords. Based on literature review, we found that: (1) There was a significant negative correlation between seed dispersal and seed dormancy, and the degree of significance varied with environmental changes and tissue level; (2) In adapting to the extreme environment, some desert plants have evolved two or more forms of seeds, corresponding to different combinations of dispersal capacity and dormancy level, so as to improve the survival rate of seeds after dispersal and to expand population range; (3) Dormancy keeps seeds alive during the dispersal process, so the trade-off between the optimal dispersal distance and the dormancy level is one of the main issues about species regeneration strategies; (4) The dormancy and dispersal characteristics of seeds coevolved with other life history strategies, and the relationship between seed dispersal and dormancy is affected by environmental temperature, rainfall, number and size of seeds. The evolutionary goal of seed dormancy and dispersal strategies is to help species cope with the unpredictability of their living environment, improve fitness, and maintain the ability of species to regenerate and reproduce. Understanding the relationship between plant seed dormancy and dispersal depends on the joint exploration of plant life history strategies. © 2024 Chinese Society of Ecology. All rights reserved.	dispersal-dormancy trade-off; propagation strategy; seed dispersal; seed dormancy; seed heteromorphism
Li M.; Wang Z.; Zhu L.; Zhu Y.; Yi J.; Fu X.	Research advances on microplastics contamination in terrestrial geoenvironment: A review	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.173259	The contamination of microplastics in terrestrial geoenvironment (CMTG) is widespread and severe and has, received considerable attention. However, studies on CMTG are in their initial stages. The literature on CMTG published in the past decade was analyzed through bibliometric analysis, such as the annual publications, countries with the highest contributions, prolific authors, and author keywords. The sources, compositions, migrations and environmental impacts of CMTG are summarized, and possible future directions are proposed. This study analyzed the annual publications, countries with the highest contributions, prolific authors, and author keywords related to microplastics. The results demonstrated that 15,306 articles were published between 2014 and 2023. China is the leading country in terms of the total number of publications. The main sources of CMTG include landfills, agricultural non-point sources, sewage treatment systems and transportation systems. The composition of the CMTG exhibits significantly temporal and spatial variability from different sources. The migration paths of the CMTG were within the soil, groundwater seepage and wind transportation of suspended particles. Microplastics increase soil cohesion, decrease porosity, reduce pore scale, decrease air circulation, and increase water retention capacity, and the exudation of highly water-soluble additives in microplastics can cause secondary contamination of geological entities. Microplastics have an adverse effect on plant growth, animal digestion, microbial activity, energy and lipid metabolism, oxidative stress, and respiratory diseases in humans. It is recommended to develop more efficient and convenient quantitative testing methods for microplastics, formulate globally harmonized testing and evaluation standards, include microplastic testing in testing programs for contaminated soils, and develop efficient methods for the remediation of microplastic contaminated geological bodies. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Contamination; Environment; Geological body; Health; Land; Microplastic; Migration
Li X.; Li G.; Huang J.	What are the key points of bibliometrics?	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001429	[No abstract available]	N/A
Demarema S.; Nasr M.; Ookawara S.; Abdelhaleem A.	New insights into green synthesis of metal oxide based photocatalysts for photodegradation of organic pollutants: A bibliometric analysis and techno-economic evaluation	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142679	Rapid industrialization has led to rising levels of water pollution due to the release of escalating quantities of wastewater laden with organic pollutants. Advanced oxidation process is an emerging and effective technique for eliminating organic pollutants particularly when photocatalysts are used. Green synthesis of metal oxide nanoparticle (MONP)-based photocatalysts could offer a sustainable approach to wastewater treatment by reducing the usage of hazardous and expensive chemicals. Herein, a detailed techno-economic investigation of MONP-based photocatalysts for the photodegradation of organic pollutants was conducted. The work exhibited that green synthesis methods based on plants and microorganisms can be applied to successfully synthesize efficient, uniform, and stable MONPbased photocatalysts. This approach has the potential to contribute to the achievement of five United Nations Sustainable Development Goals: 3, 6, 12, 14, and 15. Moreover, the economic study on the photodegradation of malachite green dye using green synthesized ZnO photocatalysts from Eucalyptus leaf revealed the cost-effectiveness of the wastewater treatment with an estimated cost of US$ 7.34/m3 and a payback period of nearly 5 years and 9 months. Based on this study, the underlying gaps, challenges, and prospects of MONP-based photocatalysts for the removal of organic pollutants were raised. Overall, this review could provide new insights for further application of MONP-based photocatalysts in wastewater treatment. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Green synthesis; Metal oxide nanoparticle; Organic pollutants; Photocatalysis
Li X.; Luo Y.; Zhang Y.	Visualization Mapping and Current Trends of Facial Contouring Procedures: A Bibliometric Analysis Based on Web of Science	2024	Journal of Craniofacial Surgery	10.1097/SCS.0000000000010119	"Background: Facial contouring procedures become popular in recent years, but there has been no bibliometric analysis focused on this field. Objective: Construct visualization maps and analyze the hotspots and current trends in this field using bibliometric analysis. Methods: Publications on facial contouring procedures were extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection database from 2003 to 2022. VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and ""Bibliometrix"" R package were used to analyze data. Results: Seven hundred and twenty-one publications on facial contouring procedures between 2003 and 2022 were included. The United States was the leading country both in publications (206) and citations (3941). Shanghai Jiao Tong University was the institution with the greatest contribution (35 publications with 379 citations). Hu J (17 publications) from China had the most outputs, while the most cited author was Rohrich RJ (321 citations) from the United States. The Journal of Craniofacial Surgery (135 documents) published the most research, and Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery was the most cited journal (2755 citations). The most cited article focused on virtual surgical planning in mandibular reconstruction. Keywords co-occurrence analysis identified five clusters centered on ""reconstruction,"" ""augmentation,"" ""reduction malarplasty,"" ""face rejuvenation,"" and ""orthognathic surgery,"" separately. ""Hyaluronic acid,"" ""facial feminization,"" and ""orthognathic surgery"" might be related to trend topics. Conclusions: The research on facial contouring procedures is booming. In the past 2 decades, hotspots in this field included: facial defects reconstruction, facial augmentation cosmetology, facial skeletal contour plasty, and facial rejuvenation surgery. The following aspects may be trend frontiers: precision and personalization, combined treatments, transgender facial contour, and facial contour shaping with fat and hyaluronic acid. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	Bibliometric analysis; facial contouring procedure; facial cosmetic surgery; hotspots
Romero-Carazas R.; Espíritu-Martínez A.P.; Aguilar-Cuevas M.M.; Usuriaga-Palacios M.N.; Aguilar-Cuevas L.A.; Espinoza-Véliz M.Z.; Espinoza-Egoavil M.J.; Gutiérrez-Monzón S.G.	Forensic auditing and the use of artificial intelligence: A bibliometric analysis and systematic review in Scopus between 2000 and 2024	2024	Heritage and Sustainable Development	10.37868/hsd.v6i2.626	A significant and successful approach to fraud detection includes artificial intelligence in forensic auditing. Forensic auditors can now respond quickly to suspicious circumstances and take preventative action before fraud spreads and causes further damage to the organization, all thanks to artificial intelligence that has enabled early fraud identification. This article analyzes forensic auditing and the use of artificial intelligence through a bibliometric analysis in Scopus and a systematic literature review. The samples were documents selected using Boolean operators with keywords in English (Forensic AND auditing, artificial AND Intelligence), analyzed in Excel and VOSviewer. This research points out that forensic auditing and the use of artificial intelligence have advanced, in the variety of topics covered, the prominence of perpetrators, and the accessibility of crucial data. Therefore, to maintain the quality and integrity of their work, forensic auditors must adapt to technological advances, training in the use of artificial intelligence, and collaborate with other specialists and professionals. Consequently, with its empirical basis, this bibliometric and systematic review critically evaluates the research, to clarify the empirical basis of current trends in this field and lays the groundwork for future research. © The Author 2024. Published by ARDA.	Artificial Intelligence; Bibliometrics; Forensic auditing; Literature review
Pit D.; Hoinoiu B.; Bardan R.; Hoinoiu T.	The Impact of the Dermal Matrix in Tissue Reconstruction: A Bibliometric Perspective in Plastic Surgery	2024	Journal of Functional Biomaterials	10.3390/jfb15070189	In the vast field of medical scientific research, few topics have managed to attract as much attention and mobilise academic resources as the use of dermal matrices in the reconstruction of soft tissue defects. In this study, we used bibliographic metrics such as co-authorship, keyword co-occurrence, and citations per document to analyse the relationship between the use of dermal matrices to reconstruct soft tissue defects caused by burns, tumours, and trauma. In addition, keyword analysis has highlighted the crucial role of technology in recent studies and the innovation brought about by the use of dermal matrices in the reconstruction of soft tissue defects. Keywords used in recent studies have revealed the critical role of technology in the development of the field. We extracted a set of 1329 research papers from the Web of Science Core Collection database between 2010 and 2024 that met our criteria. Through keyword analysis, we identified technology as a significant factor in recent studies. Our results showed that there is very little collaboration between authors on the topic and that most of them are from Asia. A significant number of articles on this topic come from the USA, China, Japan, Germany, the UK, and France. We discovered the top ten most cited sources analysing the use of dermal matrices in the reconstruction of soft tissue defects. Finally, we think that this study will be beneficial for our further research. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; dermal matrix; plastic surgery; reconstruction of soft tissue defects
Du W.; Wu Z.; Wu H.; Li Y.; Jin Y.	Global trends and frontiers of research on Kümmell's disease: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038833	"The prevalence of Kümmell's disease (KD) has been increasing due to the aging population and the rise of osteoporotic vertebral compressibility fractures. As a result, there has been a growing concern about this condition. Despite the rapid advancements in its related research fields, the current research status and hotspot analysis of KD remain unclear. Therefore, our goal was to identify and analyze the global research trends on KD using bibliometric tools. All KD data were obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection. The information of research field was collected, including title, author, institutions, journals, countries, references, total citations, and years of publication for further analysis. From 1900 to 2022, a total of 195 articles and 1973 references have been published in this field, originating from 27 countries/regions and 90 journals, with China leading the contributions. The most significant institutional and author contributions come from Soochow University and Kim, HS, respectively. The journal with the highest number of published research and total citation frequency is Spine. The latest research focuses in this field include ""risk factor,"" ""osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture,"" ""pedicle screw fixation,"" ""percutaneous vertebroplasty,"" and ""bone cement,"" and should be closely monitored. Additionally, we have conducted a comprehensive analysis of the 50 most-cited articles in KD, providing a valuable list of articles to guide clinical decision-making and future research for clinicians and researchers. In recent years, there has been a significant increase in scientific research on KD. Future research in KD is likely to focus on surgical treatment, risk factors, and complications. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; KD; Kümmell's disease; research trends; VOSviewer
Zhai J.; Sun X.; Hu X.; Tian J.; Huang Z.	Evolutionary Trends and Hotspot Analysis of Livelihood Strategy for Agricultural Residents Based on Bibliometrics	2024	Agriculture (Switzerland)	10.3390/agriculture14071153	Livelihood strategies are an effective response to survival risks and stress shocks. Agricultural residents engaged in agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, and fishery, who are extremely dependent on natural resources, are vulnerable to various livelihood risks. Therefore, the livelihood strategies of agricultural residents are increasingly receiving attention from researchers around the world. However, research on the livelihood strategies of agricultural residents has not yet been systematically analyzed through bibliometrics. Our study was based on 1424 publications in the Web of Science Core Collection database (WoSCC) from 2014 to 2023 to analyze the development history, research hotspots, and trends in the field. Bibliometric analysis was conducted on publications, countries, institutions, authors, journals, and keywords, as well as cited journals and cited references using Excel and CiteSpace software. The number of publications has steadily increased and showed an upward trend. The United States and China were the countries with the most contributions, and Chinese institutions were more active. Cooperation between authors was relatively weak. Sustainability was one of the most productive and highly cited journals. The research hotspots mainly included the relationship between climate change and the livelihood strategies of agricultural residents, the relationship between the land and the livelihood strategies of agricultural residents, the sustainable development of livelihood strategies of agricultural residents, and the characteristics of livelihood strategies of agricultural residents. This is the first time that bibliometric and visual analyses have been conducted on the livelihood strategies of agricultural residents, which may further promote development of the field and lay a foundation for future research. © 2024 by the authors.	agricultural residents; bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; livelihood strategy
Campion T.R., Jr.; Craven C.K.; Dorr D.A.; Bernstam E.V.; Knosp B.M.	Understanding enterprise data warehouses to support clinical and translational research: impact, sustainability, demand management, and accessibility	2024	Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association	10.1093/jamia/ocae111	Objectives: Healthcare organizations, including Clinical and Translational Science Awards (CTSA) hubs funded by the National Institutes of Health, seek to enable secondary use of electronic health record (EHR) data through an enterprise data warehouse for research (EDW4R), but optimal approaches are unknown. In this qualitative study, our goal was to understand EDW4R impact, sustainability, demand management, and accessibility. Materials and Methods: We engaged a convenience sample of informatics leaders from CTSA hubs (n = 21) for semi-structured interviews and completed a directed content analysis of interview transcripts. Results: EDW4R have created institutional capacity for single- and multi-center studies, democratized access to EHR data for investigators from multiple disciplines, and enabled the learning health system. Bibliometrics have been challenging due to investigator non-compliance, but one hub’s requirement to link all study protocols with funding records enabled quantifying an EDW4R’s multi-million dollar impact. Sustainability of EDW4R has relied on multiple funding sources with a general shift away from the CTSA grant toward institutional and industry support. To address EDW4R demand, institutions have expanded staff, used different governance approaches, and provided investigator self-service tools. EDW4R accessibility can benefit from improved tools incorporating user-centered design, increased data literacy among scientists, expansion of informaticians in the workforce, and growth of team science. Discussion: As investigator demand for EDW4R has increased, approaches to tracking impact, ensuring sustainability, and improving accessibility of EDW4R resources have varied. Conclusion: This study adds to understanding of how informatics leaders seek to support investigators using EDW4R across the CTSA consortium and potentially elsewhere. © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Medical Informatics Association. All rights reserved.	CTSA; data warehouse; EHR; secondary use
Qi M.; Su X.; Li Z.; Huang H.; Wang J.; Lin N.; Kong X.	Bibliometric analysis of research progress on tetramethylpyrazine and its effects on ischemia-reperfusion injury	2024	Pharmacology and Therapeutics	10.1016/j.pharmthera.2024.108656	In recent decades, natural products have attracted worldwide attention and become one of the most important resources for pharmacological industries and medical sciences to identify novel drug candidates for disease treatment. Tetramethylpyrazine (TMP) is an alkaloid extracted from Ligusticum chuanxiong Hort., which has shown great therapeutic potential in cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, liver and renal injury, as well as cancer. In this review, we analyzed 1270 papers published on the Web of Science Core Collection from 2002 to 2022 and found that TMP exerted significant protective effects on ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury that is the cause of pathological damages in a variety of conditions, such as ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, acute kidney injury, and liver transplantation. TMP is limited in clinical applications to some extent due to its rapid metabolism, a short biological half-life and poor bioavailability. Obviously, the structural modification, administration methods and dosage forms of TMP need to be further investigated in order to improve its bioavailability. This review summarizes the clinical applications of TMP, elucidates its potential mechanisms in protecting I/R injury, provides strategies to improve bioavailability, which presents a comprehensive understanding of the important compound. Hopefully, the information and knowledge from this review can help researchers and physicians to better improve the applications of TMP in the clinic. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Ischemia-reperfusion injury; Review; Tetramethylpyrazine
Isah M.E.; Zhang Z.; Matsubae K.; Itsubo N.	Bibliometric analysis and visualisation of research on life cycle assessment in Africa (1992–2022)	2024	International Journal of Life Cycle Assessment	10.1007/s11367-024-02313-x	Purpose: Life cycle assessment (LCA) has found wide applicability as a tool for assessing the environmental impacts of human activities in different fields such as manufacturing, mining, transportation, oil and gas, construction, and medicine. Despite the wide applicability of LCA globally, the uptake and use of the tool in Africa remains limited. This research is motivated by the need to explore the continental structure of life cycle assessment to ascertain the level of knowledge and research; collaboration amongst institutions, countries, and authors; keyword co-occurrence; thematic evolution; and bibliographic coupling. Methods: Publications related to life cycle assessment were retrieved and cleaned from the Scopus database with the language restricted to English and only countries recognised by the African Union. VOSviewer (version 1.6.19) visualisation tool was used to construct and visualise the network maps of researchers, co-occurrence, co-authorships, and keywords. On the other hand, Bibliometrix was employed to carryout descriptive analysis and thematic evolution and to extract bibliographic information. Results and discussion: In total, 616 research publications between 1992 and 2022 were retrieved. The results show that research on the subject matter picked up from 2004 and has been on the upward trend. South Africa, Egypt, Tunisia, and Algeria are the top countries carrying out LCA research on the continent. In addition, the top authors, affiliations, and funders also come from these countries. It was also noted that there were low levels of cooperation between authors on the African continent; rather, they collaborate more with researchers in Europe, America, and other parts of the world. The built environment, construction industry, alternative energy, agriculture, and waste management and recycling are the major themes of research on the continent. Conclusion: Life cycle assessment is gaining traction amongst researchers in Africa, albeit slowly. Considering the continents’ role in the future especially in providing critical raw materials needed for the transition to a carbon-neutral society in line with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), rapid uptake and embedding life cycle thinking in every sector of the African economy are needed. However, there is an urgent need to equip researchers with the skills to facilitate the development of a life cycle inventory (LCI) database at countries or continental level. © The Author(s) 2024.	Africa; Bibliometric; LCA; LCA research; Life cycle assessment; Review
Zhu X.; Lv M.; Cheng T.; Zhou Y.; Yuan G.; Chu Y.; Luan Y.; Song Q.; Hu Y.	Bibliometric analysis of atrial fibrillation and ion channels	2024	Heart Rhythm	10.1016/j.hrthm.2024.01.032	Atrial fibrillation (AF) is a common clinical malignant arrhythmia with an increasing global incidence. Ion channel dysfunction is an important mechanism in the development of AF. In this study, we used bibliometrics to analyze the studies of ion channels and AF, aiming to provide inspiration and reference for researchers. A total of 3179 literature citations were obtained from Web of Science core databases. Analysis software included Excel 2019, VOSviewer 1.6.16, and CiteSpace 5.7.R2. This field of research has been growing since 1985. The most active country is the United States. The University of Montreal is the most important research institution. The journal Cardiovascular Research has published the largest number of articles in this field. Stanley Nattel and Dobromir Dobrev are the most frequently cited authors. The most cited literature was published in Nature and Science. Cardiac electrophysiology, gene expression, pathogenesis of AF, and AF prevention and treatment are the hot topics for this field research. Cardiac fibrillation and catheter ablation may be future research hotspots in this field. © 2024 Heart Rhythm Society	Atrial fibrillation; Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Ion channel; VOSviewer
Li S.; Lin Y.; Liu G.; Shao Z.; Yang Y.	Unveiling the potential of breast MRI: a game changer for BI-RADS 4A microcalcifications	2024	Breast Cancer Research and Treatment	10.1007/s10549-024-07320-y	Purpose: To assess the diagnostic performance of breast MRI for BI-RADS 4A microcalcifications on mammography and propose a potential clinical pathway to avoid unnecessary biopsies. Methods: Bibliometrics analysis of breast MRI and BI-RADS 4 was provided. A retrospective analysis was conducted on 139 women and 142 cases of BI-RADS 4A microcalcifications on mammography from Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center. The mammographic BI-RADS level and the MRI reports were compared with the final pathological diagnosis. Results: Much attention has been given to breast MRI and BI-RADS 4 in the literature. However, studies on BI-RADS 4A are limited. Pathological results showed 117 cases (82.4%) were benign lesions, malignant cases of 25 (17.6%) in our study. The positive predictive values (PPV), specificity, sensitivity and negative predictive values (NPV) of MRI were 44.2% (23/52), 75.2% (88/117), 92.0% (23/25), and 97.8% (88/90), respectively. Therefore, 75.2% (88/117) of biopsies for benign lesions could potentially be avoided. There were 2.2% (2/90) malignant lesions missed. Logistic regression indicated that patients who are postmenopausal (HR = 2.655, p = 0.012), have a history of breast cancer (family history) (HR = 2.833, p = 0.029), and exhibit clustered microcalcifications (HR = 2.179, p = 0.046) are more likely to have a higher MRI BI-RADS level. Conclusions: Breast MRI has the potential to improve the diagnosis of BI-RADS 4A microcalcifications on mammography. We propose a potential clinical pathway that patients with BI-RADS 4A on mammography who are premenopausal, have no personal history of breast cancer (family history) or have non-clustered distribution of calcifications can undergo MRI to avoid unnecessary biopsies. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Breast calcifications; Breast cancer; Breast MRI; Mammography
Levin G.; Brezinov Y.; Tzur Y.; Meyer R.	Open access transition in obstetrics and gynecology journals—The international impact	2024	International Journal of Gynecology and Obstetrics	10.1002/ijgo.15398	Objective: To study the impact of converting from subscription-based publishing to open access (“flipping”) in three obstetrics and gynecology (OBGYN) journals. Methods: We compared original articles in three OBGYN journals during a matched subscription-based and open access publishing period. We analyzed citation metrics and country of authorship. Results: Overall, 1522 studies were included; of those, 869 (57.1%) were before flipping and 653 (42.9%) were after flipping. There was a decrease in publications by lower-middle income countries from 7.7% in subscription-based publishing to 1.8% in open access (P < 0.001). There was a decrease in the proportion of articles from South Asia (2.5% vs 0.5%), North America (14.4% vs 9.4%), and the Middle East (7.4% vs 2.5%), and an increase in publications from East Asia and Pacific (17.4% vs 30.9%; P < 0.001). The relative citation ratio was higher in the open access period (median 1.65 vs 0.95, P < 0.001). The number of citations per year was higher in the open access period (median 3.0 vs 2.0, P < 0.001). There was an increase in the proportion of funded studies (from 40.2% to 47.8%; P = 0.003). Conclusions: Flipping to open access in OBGYN journals is associated with a citation advantage with major authorship changes, leading to inequity. © 2024 The Authors. International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.	bibliometrics; citations; flipping; metrics; open access
Ali E.B.; Agbozo E.; Aboagye E.M.; Effah N.A.A.	Investigating the research trends on the determinants of Environmental degradation: A bibliometric analysis	2024	International Journal of Environmental Science and Technology	10.1007/s13762-024-05521-y	Despite a surge in research on mitigating environmental degradation and creating environmental awareness in recent past, researcher and other policmakers are still of the view that environmental destruction is on the rise, thereby calling into question the viability of these works to address the problem. This study, therefore, seeks to conduct a trend analysis to examine the knowledge gaps in studies related to understanding the determining factors of environmental degradation using a bibliometric analysis. For this purpose, the study reviewed existing papers using keyword search engines in the Dimensions database to retrieve published scientific works from 2000 to 2023. The study revealed that the main focus of environmental degradation has evolved over time, shifting from the sole focus of ecological footprint in between 2000 and 2005 to more such as carbon footprint, greenhouse gases, carbon sequestration, renewable energy, and input–output analysis 2013 to 2023. Also, the last decade has seen a drastic rise in scholarly works on environmental degradation. The result also revealed that the emerging theme in relation to environmental degradation is associated with indoor air pollution. It is therefore imperative for researchers to shift their focus to indoor air pollution as this may have a more direct and devastating impact on not only the environment but also human health. © The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Iranian Society of Environmentalists (IRSEN) and Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Climate change; Determinants; Environmental degradation; Renewable energy; Sustainability
Xu F.; Yao X.; Zhang K.; Yang H.; Feng Q.; Li Y.; Yan S.; Gao B.; Li S.; Yang J.; Zhang C.; Lv Y.; Zhu D.; Ye S.	Deep learning in cropland field identification: A review	2024	Computers and Electronics in Agriculture	10.1016/j.compag.2024.109042	The cropland field (CF) is the basic unit of agricultural production and a key element of precision agriculture. High-precision delineations of CF boundaries provide a reliable data foundation for field labor and mechanized operations. In recent years, with the dual advancements in remote sensing satellite technology and artificial intelligence, enabling the extraction of CF information on a wide scale and with high precision, research on CF identification based on deep learning (DL) has emerged as a highly esteemed direction in this field. To comprehend the developmental trends within this field, this study employs bibliometric and content analysis methods to comprehensively review and analyze DL research in the field of CF identification from various perspectives. Initially, 93 relevant literature pieces were retrieved and screened from two databases, the Web of Science Core Collection and the Chinese Science Citation Database, for review. The previous studies underwent quantitative analysis using bibliometric software across five dimensions: publication year, literature type and publication journal, country, author, and keyword. Subsequently, we analyze the current status and trends of employing DL in the field of CF identification from four perspectives: remote sensing data sources, DL models, types of CF extraction results, and sample datasets. Simultaneously, we combed through current publicly available sample datasets and data products that can be referenced to produce sample datasets for CFs. Finally, the challenges and future research focus of DL-based CF identification research are discussed. This paper provides both qualitative and quantitative analyses of research on DL-based CF identification, elucidating the current status, development trends, challenges, and future research focuses. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Cropland field identification; Deep learning; Remote sensing; Sample dataset
Behera P.K.; Jain S.J.; Kumar A.	Examining retraction counts to evaluate journal quality in psychology	2024	Current Psychology	10.1007/s12144-024-06044-y	Retraction is the process of removing an article from the scientific records after it has been published. The objective of the study is to explore the influence of the number of retracted papers on the journal quality parameters in the subject of Psychology. The study has applied Pearson Coefficient Correlation to establish the relationship between the number of retracted papers and bibliometric parameters of journal evaluation. All the retracted journal articles indexed in the Scopus database up to the year 2022 in the subject of Psychology, were considered for the study. The Software tools, i.e. MS Excel, and statistical software R Studio® (version 3.6.1) along with the Biblioshiny bibliometrics package were used for data analysis. Bibliometrics indicators, i.e. SJR, total citations count, and h index of the journals, were retrieved from the website of Scimago Journal Ranking (www.scimagojr.com), and the Journal Impact Factor (IF) 2022 was used for the analysis. The results revealed a set of 180 journal articles scattered across 99 journals, that were retracted in the subject of Psychology. Among these 36% of the retracted papers were published as open access. From the analysis, it was concluded that there is a positive correlation between the number of retracted papers and bibliometric indicators i.e., impact factor, h-index, total citation counts, and JCR. On the other hand, there is the least influence of the number of retracted articles with SJR (0.024) and IF (0.072). However, a visible and normal co-relation was found among the total citation counts (0.170) and h-index (0.136), respectively. The findings of the study revealed that there is the least correlation between the number of retracted journal articles and the journal evaluation indicators; therefore, journal publishers must include a retraction policy to enhance the journal’s reputation. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometrics; Journal evaluation; Psychology; Retraction
Bjelland D.; Brozovsky J.; Hrynyszyn B.D.	Systematic review: Upscaling energy retrofitting to the multi-building level	2024	Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews	10.1016/j.rser.2024.114402	Retrofitting the building stock is pivotal to achieving climate neutrality by 2050. Most of the existing research on energy efficiency focuses on new residential buildings. The focus must shift to multi-building retrofits, thereby more frequently including non-residential buildings. As multi-building and non-residential projects are given a lighthouse role in achieving current global climate goals, more research should focus on this potential. This study covers single- and multi-building retrofitting projects. It also explores the role of non-residential projects, typical project settings, energy reduction achievements and the added complexity of the multi-building scale. The chosen methodology combines a systematic literature search with a subsequent critical metadata and full-text review of more than 80 peer-reviewed scientific papers. The results show that the number of studies in the research field has increased substantially in the last few years, while the research mostly originates from Europe and focuses on the residential building typology. This research is partly transferable to similar climate zones elsewhere, while a large proportion of climate zones remains unexplored. The current body of definitions and requirements regarding energy retrofitting is an impediment to the comparability of projects, and particularly the multi-building scale is in need of international guidance. Future research should focus on making retrofit measures more applicable internationally, while unifying project boundaries. The stronger inclusion of non-residential retrofitting projects as lighthouse projects including social aspects is needed. Retrofitting that covers energy production and sharing has great potential and should be seen as an opportunity. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Educational; Energy-efficiency; Literature review; Neighbourhood; Non-residential; Office; Retrofitting; Well-being; Zero emissions; Zero energy
Aydemir S.; Barlık F.; Abdurrahman E.; Yılmaz H.; Kaçak K.	The Bibliometric Analysis of the Postgraduate Theses Written on Medical Parasitology in Türkiye	2024	Turkiye parazitolojii dergisi	10.4274/tpd.galenos.2024.60948	Objective: The aim of this study was to analyze the theses prepared in the field of medical parasitology in Türkiye and to reveal the importance given to the science of parasitology in the groves of academe and to raise awareness in this field. Methods: Council of Higher Education's National Thesis Center database has been analyzed postgraduate these documents conducted in the field of medical parasitology from January 1985 to September 2022. Results: As a result of the examining, 393 theses made in the field of medical parasitology were detected. It was determined that 52.9% of the theses prepared were master, 28% of PhD and 19.1% were the thesis of medical specialty thesis and 61.3% of the theses prepared were related to protozoa, 16.5% of helminths, 8.6% arthropods and 12.2% of intestinal parasites (helminth and protozoa). The top five types of parasites in the theses were Toxoplasma gondii, Leishmania spp., Echinococcus spp., Giardia intestinalis and Cryptosporidium spp. respectively. Conclusion: In conclusion, it was of the opinion that more importance should be given to the field of medical parasitology in Türkiye.; Amaç: Bu çalışmanın amacı, Türkiye’de tıbbi parazitoloji alanında hazırlanan tezlerin analizini yaparak, akademik camiada parazitoloji bilimine verilen önemi ortaya koymak ve bu alanda bir farkındalık oluşturmaktır. Yöntemler: Çalışmaya, Yükseköğretim Kurulu Ulusal Tez Merkezi’nin online uygulamasından arama yapılarak, Ocak 1985-Eylül 2022 tarihleri arasında tıbbi parazitoloji alanında yapılmış tezler dahil edildi. Bulgular: Arama sonucunda tıbbi parazitoloji alanında yapılmış 393 tez saptandı. Tezlerin %52,9’unun yüksek lisans, %28’inin doktora ve %19,1’inin tıpta uzmanlık tezi olduğu belirlendi. Tezlerin yapıldığı alanlarının dağılımı incelendiğinde, tezlerin %61,3’ünün protozoonlar, %16,5’inin helmintler, %8,6’sının artropodlar ve %12,2’sinin bağırsak parazitleri (helmint ve protozoonlar) ile ilgili olduğu saptandı. Tezlerde en çok çalışılan ilk beş parazit türünün sırasıyla Toxoplasma gondii, Leishmania spp., Echinococcus spp., Giardia intestinalis ve Cryptosporidium spp. olduğu belirlendi. Sonuç: Sonuç olarak, Türkiye’de tıbbi parazitoloji alanına daha çok önem verilmesi gerektiği kanaatine varıldı.	Bibliometric analysis; medical parasitology; postgraduate theses; Türkiye
Sedira N.; Pinto J.; Bentes I.; Pereira S.	Bibliometric analysis of global research trends on biomimetics, biomimicry, bionics, and bio-inspired concepts in civil engineering using the Scopus database	2024	Bioinspiration and Biomimetics	10.1088/1748-3190/ad3ff6	This paper presents a bibliometrics analysis aimed at discerning global trends in research on ‘biomimetics’, ‘biomimicry’, ‘bionics’, and ‘bio-inspired’ concepts within civil engineering, using the Scopus database. This database facilitates the assessment of interrelationships and impacts of these concepts within the civil engineering domain. The findings demonstrate a consistent growth in publications related to these areas, indicative of increasing interest and impact within the civil engineering community. Influential authors and institutions have emerged, making significant contributions to the field. The United States, Germany, and the United Kingdom are recognised as leaders in research on these concepts in civil engineering. Notably, emerging countries such as China and India have also made considerable contributions. The integration of design principles inspired by nature into civil engineering holds the potential to drive sustainable and innovative solutions for various engineering challenges. The conducted bibliometrics analysis grants perspective on the current state of scientific research on biomimetics, biomimicry, bionics, and bio-inspired concepts in the civil engineering domain, offering data to predict the evolution of each concept in the coming years. Based on the findings of this research, ‘biomimetics’ replicates biological substances, ‘biomimicry’ directly imitates designs, and ‘bionics’ mimics biological functions, while ‘bio-inspired’ concepts offer innovative ideas beyond direct imitation. Each term incorporates distinct strategies, applications, and historical contexts, shaping innovation across the field of civil engineering. © 2024 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.	bibliometrics analysis; bio-inspired; biomimetics; biomimicry; bionics; nature-inspired; science mapping
Malik F.; Tribble J.T.; Fraga G.R.	Trends in authorship in the Journal of Cutaneous Pathology, 1981–2020	2024	Journal of Cutaneous Pathology	10.1111/cup.14615	Background: The increase in authors per scientific article in many different medical and scientific disciplines has raised concerns over ethical authorship. Trends in authorship in dermatopathology are unknown. Methods: Cross-sectional study of a random sample of 200 articles from the Journal of Cutaneous Pathology (1981–2020). Results: The number of authors per article increased by an estimated 96% between 1981 and 2020 (2.7–5.3), while the relative citation ratio decreased by an estimated 56% during the same period (1.19–0.52). Higher author counts were not associated with higher relative citation ratios (p = 0.2349) or analytic study designs (p = 0.2987). Higher relative citation ratios were associated with analytic study designs (p = 0.0374). Conclusions: There has been significant growth in authorship credit at the journal without a corresponding increase in research impact or study rigor. Remedial measures to stem authorship inflation and promote more impactful studies may be necessary. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	authorship; medical writing; research design; SKIN
Marty J.; Ruel S.	Why is “supply chain collaboration” still a hot topic? A review of decades of research and a comprehensive framework proposal	2024	International Journal of Production Economics	10.1016/j.ijpe.2024.109259	This paper presents a thorough analysis of the evolving landscape of supply chain (SC) collaboration research using a Systematic Literature Network Analysis (SLNA) approach. Comprising two parts, the study integrates bibliometric and content analyses to offer a holistic perspective on this pivotal aspect of supply chain management (SCM). In the first part, based on 629 articles, the study examines quantitative bibliometric aspects. The bibliometric analysis uncovers prominent authors, major contributing journals, key terms, the literature's evolution, and co-citation clusters. It highlights themes including information sharing, performance, sustainability, Structural Equation Modeling, and SC collaboration practices. The second part applies content analysis to 198 selected articles. It reveals diverse reasons for SC collaboration, including enhancing performance, adapting to volatile contexts, promoting sustainability, fostering innovation, building trust, and advancing technology adoption. It also identifies barriers from the organizational, interorganizational, informational and communication, technological, financial, cultural, sectoral, contextual, and regulatory perspectives. The exploration of collaboration types—upstream, downstream, horizontal, or global—and their evolution, is coupled with key definitions, article types, and employed theories. The paper concludes by proposing a comprehensive framework to guide SC collaboration. The theoretical, methodological, and managerial contributions of this article lie in the insights it provides into the evolving dimensions of SC collaboration, enhancing both academic and practical understanding. The proposed framework serves as valuable guidance for organizations and establishes a robust foundation for further exploration in this field. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Barriers; Content analysis; Reasons; Supply chain collaboration; Systematic literature network analysis (SLNA)
Yu M.; Harrison M.; Bansback N.	Can prediction models for hospital readmission be improved by incorporating patient-reported outcome measures? A systematic review and narrative synthesis	2024	Quality of Life Research	10.1007/s11136-024-03638-8	Purpose: To investigate the roles, challenges, and implications of using patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) in predicting the risk of hospital readmissions. Methods: We systematically searched four bibliometric databases for peer-reviewed studies published in English between 1 January 2000 and 15 June 2023 and used validated PROMs to predict readmission risks for adult populations. Reported studies were analysed and narratively synthesised in accordance with the CHARMS and PRISMA guidelines. Results: Of the 2858 abstracts reviewed, 23 studies met predefined eligibility criteria, representing diverse geographic regions and medical specialties. Among those, 19 identified the positive contributions of PROMs in predicting readmission risks. Seven studies utilised generic PROMs exclusively, eleven used generic and condition-specific PROMs, while 5 focussed solely on condition-specific PROMs. Logistic regression was the most used modelling approach, with 13 studies aiming at predicting 30-day all-cause readmission risks. The c-statistic, ranging from 0.54 to 0.84, was reported in 22/23 studies as a measure of model discrimination. Nine studies reported model calibration in addition to c-statistic. Thirteen studies detailed their approaches to dealing with missing data. Conclusion: Our study highlights the potential of PROMs to enhance predictive accuracy in readmission models, while acknowledging the diversity in data collection methods, readmission definitions, and model evaluation approaches. Recognizing that PROMs serve various purposes beyond readmission reduction, our study supports routine data collection and strategic integration of PROMs in healthcare practices to improve patient outcomes. To facilitate comparative analysis and broaden the use of PROMs in the prediction framework, it is imperative to consider the methodological aspects involved. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.	Hospital readmission; Patient-reported outcome measures; Prediction model; Quality of life; Systematic review
Li C.Z.; Wen S.; Yi W.; Wu H.; Tam V.W.Y.	Offsite construction supply chain challenges: An integrated overview	2024	Journal of Construction Engineering and Management	10.1061/JCEMD4.COENG-14444	Off-site construction (OSC) is an environmentally friendly building method with substantial benefits, yet it encounters challenges, particularly in supply chain efficiency. Current research on off-site construction supply chain (OSCSC) challenges faces issues such as dispersion, cross-disciplinarity, and timeliness. This is despite a number of studies in recent years focusing on the optimization of OSCSC to improve their performance and efficiency. However, the current literature still lacks a comprehensive summary of OSCSC problems, which hinders the popularization of OSC. To address this, improve OSCSC efficiency, and enhance OSC practicability, this paper conducted a thorough review of 244 published articles. Utilizing bibliometrics and scientometrics methods, it identified research trends, prominent researchers, and topics. Current OSCSC issues were further extracted and classified from the internal supply chain perspective. The findings reveal key issues hindering OSCSC efficiency, offering practitioners, policymakers, and researchers a nuanced understanding of current research issues. In addition, this paper provides future research directions and performance optimization recommendations, contributing to solving OSCSC challenges and exploring innovative solutions for continuous improvement in the OSCSC field. © 2024 American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE). All rights reserved.	Bibliometric analysis; Literature review; Off-site construction; Supply chain
Zyoud S.H.; Taha S.; Zyoud S.H.; Shahwan M.; Jairoun A.A.; Al-Jabi S.W.	Mapping the global research landscape for laser treatment of scars: a visualization and bibliometric analysis	2024	Archives of Dermatological Research	10.1007/s00403-024-02917-1	[No abstract available]	N/A
Li J.; Lou C.; Dong D.; Liu Z.	Bibliometric analysis of nutrition for premature infants: a visualized analysis based on CiteSpace; [应用 CiteSpace 的可视化分析对早产儿营养的文献计量学研究]	2024	Chinese Journal of Clinical Nutrition	10.3760/cma.j.cn115822-20240124-00016	Objective To analyze the researches on nutrition for premature infants and steer future research directions. Methods The Web of Science core collection was employed as the primary source to conduct a comprehensive search and retrieve relevant literature on nutrition for premature infants published up from 1975 to December 2023. A visualized analysis was conducted using CiteSpace. Results After screening, a total of 2 661 publications were included. A rising trend was seen in the amount of publications. Countries with the most publications were the United States, the United Kingdom, and Italy, with the leading institutions of Baylor College of Medicine and the University of Copenhagen. Shanghai Jiao Tong University was the institution that published the most in China. Key topics that were studied frequently encompassed parenteral nutrition, breast milk utilization and necrotizing enterocolitis. Cluster analysis of keywords identified 18 representative cluster labels, revealing the research focuses on parenteral nutrition, enteral nutrition, necrotizing enterocolitis and feeding intolerance in premature infants. Conclusion The researches on nutrition for premature infants are on the rise, and the nutritional support regimen, how to reduce complications, and nutritional care are the hot topics of future researches on nutrition for premature infants. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Enteral nutrition; Feeding intolerance; Necrotizing enterocolitis; Parenteral nutrition; Premature infants
Wang C.; Jesiek B.; Zhang W.	Elevating international collaboration and academic outcomes through strategic research funding: a bibliometric analysis of China Scholarship Council funded publications	2024	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-024-05054-8	Scholars’ international mobility plays a key role in increasing the visibility of scholarly work and academic institutions in the current age of globalization. Previous work has demonstrated that national funding policies can have a significant and positive impact on a country’s global cooperation. The China Scholarship Council (CSC) is a government funding agency established to foster international collaborations among Chinese scholars, particularly in science and technology (S&T) fields critical to modernization. However, there remains a lack of long-term, systematic evaluation of CSC’ performance and impacts. To address this gap, this paper examines the academic outcomes of CSC funding by analyzing bibliometric data from scholarly works published 2008–2022, retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS) database. We found that the number of CSC-funded publications significantly increased during this period, and CSC-funded scholars collaborated with substantially more foreign scholars since the program’s launch compared to other Chinese scholars and the global average. The prevalence of CSC-funded research in S&T fields may be synergistic with broader capacity building efforts, including by enhancing China’s research and development capabilities. Further examining the CSC-funded collaborative network, there is a marked rise in ties with Europe, although the USA remains a key partner. Overall, this study highlights the pivotal role of the CSC in internationalizing China’s research system, positioning the CSC as a model for policymakers who aim to leverage government funding to promote academic achievement through global collaborative research activities. © Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary 2024.	Academic mobility; Bibliometrics; China Scholarship Council; International collaboration; Research funding
Wei B.; Huang H.; Cao Q.; Song X.; Zhang Z.	Bibliometric and visualized analysis of the applications of exosomes based drug delivery	2024	Biomedicine and Pharmacotherapy	10.1016/j.biopha.2024.116803	Exosomes, endogenous vesicles secreted by cells, possess unique properties like high biocompatibility, low immunogenicity, targeting ability, long half-life, and blood-brain barrier permeability. They serve as crucial intercellular communication vectors in physiological processes and disease occurrence. Our comprehensive analysis of exosome-based drug delivery research from 2013 to 2023 revealed 2,476 authors from 717 institutions across 33 countries. Keyword clustering identified five research areas: drug delivery, mesenchymal stem cells, cancer immunotherapy, targeting ligands, surface modifications, and macrophages. The combination of exosome drug delivery technology with a proven clinical model enables the precise targeting of tumors with chemotherapy or radiosensitising agents, as well as facilitating gene therapy. This bibliometric analysis aims to characterize the current state and advance the clinical application of exosome-based drug delivery systems. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometric; Citespace; Drug delivery; Exosome; Mesenchymal stem cell
Demir Y.	L2 grit: A structured approach to preliminary biblio-systematic review	2024	System	10.1016/j.system.2024.103353	Researchers have recently become intrigued by the examination of grit, a non-cognitive construct, and its involvement in the language learning process. This study synthesizes bibliometric and systematic review methodologies in an effort to chart the growth trajectory of research on L2 grit—an adoption specific to the language learning domain. To provide a preliminary understanding of its relevance and position within the field of SLA, this study zooms in on the so-far established features of L2 grit research, the recognition of grit from a domain-specific lens, and its relations to an array of L2 outcomes and associated variables. To this end, 51 SSCI-indexed research articles were sourced from the Web of Science database, covering a period from 2017 through 2022. The obtained findings and insights shed light on vibrant issues surrounding the measurement, dimensionality, associability, maturation, and merit of grit in language learning and research. Potential research voids are also spotlighted to navigate future exploration, and thus expand the comprehension of L2 grit. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometrics; Consistency of interest; Grit; L2 achievement; Perseverance of effort; Positive psychology; Systematic review
Al-Ibraheem A.; Al-Abdallat H.; Al-Rashdan R.; Abdlkadir A.S.; Sweedat D.A.; Alyasjeen S.F.; Ghesani M.; Kairemo K.; Buscombe J.R.	Navigating The Prostate Cancer Frontier: A Bibliometric and Altmetric Analysis of [225Ac]Ac-PSMA Therapy	2024	Seminars in Nuclear Medicine	10.1053/j.semnuclmed.2024.04.004	The main aim of this study was to evaluate the current state of bibliometric and altmetric research output of [225Ac]Ac-Prostate specific membrane antigen (PSMA) and its implications for prostate cancer (PC). Both PubMed and Scopus digital libraries were systematically explored to retrieve relevant data on the topic of interest. The study of various bibliometric and altmetric indices was facilitated through the use of Microsoft Excel, Stata (Version 17.0), and VOSviewer (Version 1.6) Softwares. The parameters included in this study comprised the examination of published articles, annual trends, countries, institutions, authors, journals, and co-occurring keywords. From 2014 to 2024, our study examined a total of 100 publications within the given domain. The studies that received the highest citations primarily centered on the crucial topic of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer, with a particular emphasis on evaluating the safety and effectiveness of [225Ac]Ac-PSMA therapy. Moreover, much scholarly inquiry has been devoted to examining the [225Ac]Ac-PSMA adverse effects. Three high prolific countries (namely, Germany, United States, and South Africa) dominated the research render in terms of publications and citations. Finally, A strong correlation was observed between altmetric score and citation number (P < 0.001). The observed surge in scholarly research output and altmetric indicators associated with [225Ac]Ac-PSMA signifies a shift in emphasis towards embracing alpha targeted therapy in PC. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Roach J.T.; Riviere-Cazaux C.; Wells B.A.; Boop F.A.; Daniels D.J.	Epigenetics to clinicopathological features: a bibliometric analysis of H3 G34-mutant diffuse hemispheric glioma literature	2024	Child's Nervous System	10.1007/s00381-024-06395-8	Purpose: Pediatric-type diffuse high-grade gliomas are the leading cause of cancer-related morbidity and mortality in children. More than 30% of diffuse hemispheric gliomas (DHG) in adolescents harbor histone H3 G34 mutations and are recognized by the World Health Organization as a distinct tumor entity. By reporting bibliometric characteristics of the most cited publications on H3 G34-mutant DHG (H3 G34 DHG), we provide an overview of emerging literature and speculate where future research efforts may lead. Methods: One hundred fourteen publications discussing H3 G34 DHG were identified, categorized as basic science (BSc), clinical (CL), or review (R), and ranked by citation number. Various bibliometric parameters were summarized, and a comparison between article types was performed. Results: Articles within this study represent principal investigators from 15 countries and were published across 63 journals between 2012 and 2024, with 36.84% of articles originating in the United States. Overall median values were as follows: citation count, 20 (range, 0–2591), number of authors, 9 (range, 2–78), and year of publication, 2020 (range, 2012–2024). Among the top ten most cited articles, BSc articles accounted for all ten reports. Compared to CL and R articles, BSc articles were published in journals with higher impact factors. Conclusion: We establish variability in bibliometric parameters for the most cited publications on H3 G34 DHG. Our findings demonstrate a paucity of high-impact and highly cited CL reports and acknowledge an unmet need to intersect basic mechanism with clinical data to inform novel therapeutic approaches. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Diffuse hemispheric glioma; H3 G34; Pediatric high-grade glioma
Melentiev R.; Melentieva M.; Yu N.	Top 10 directions in lithography 3D printing	2024	Bioprinting	10.1016/j.bprint.2024.e00343	Lithography 3D printing technologies such as stereolithography (SLA), two-photon polymerization (TPP), digital light processing (DLP), and other approaches based on vat photopolymerization effect, have been continuously dominating the 3D printing market creating tremendous impact on global economy and society over the past 30 years. The vibrant question is where lithography 3D printing research is heading now? In this study, we conduct a bibliometric analysis and literature review to identify the top 10 research directions that will drive the development of lithography 3D printing in the following decade. We analyzed metadata of nearly ten thousands articles to reveal the evolution of the hottest keywords, most appreciated articles, and other factors in field of lithography 3D printing over the past 30 years. Based on the mined data and literature review, we envision and discus 10 directions that are either emerging or shall emerge promptly, namely tissue engineering (1), DLP of ceramics (2) and metals (3), volumetric printing (4), microneedles printing (5) 4D printing and smart materials (6), metamaterials (7), hot lithography (8), diamond printing (9), and multimaterial printing (10). Recent advances and challenges of each direction were outlined delivering focal points for further research. © 2024	3D printing; Additive manufacturing; Bibliometric; Digital light processing; Stereolithography; vat photopolymerization
Monteiro Czornobay L.F.; de Oliveira Rocha A.; Leite C.C.; Menezes dos Anjos L.; Ribeiro J.S.; Pacheco de Castro Henriques B.A.; Cardoso M.; Machado R.; da Silveira Teixeira C.; da Fonseca Roberti Garcia L.	A Global Overview on Electronic Apex Locator Use From 1968 to 2023: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Journal of Endodontics	10.1016/j.joen.2024.04.002	Introduction: This bibliometric review analyzed the research trends and main characteristics of articles related to Electronic Apex Locators (EALs). Methods: The search was conducted in November 2023 on the Web of Science Core Collection. Narrative and systematic reviews, observational and intervention studies, laboratory, and clinical studies were included. Two researchers selected the articles and extracted the number of citations, year of publication, journal, study design, theme, country, continent, institutions, author, and keywords. Collaborative networks were generated using the VOSviewer software. The relationship between data were determined by Spearman's correlation. Results: The search resulted in 374 articles, of which 294 were included. Most cited article had 175 citations. The most prevalent journal was the Journal of Endodontics (n = 84). The predominant study design was the laboratory-based (n = 223). The predominant theme was the EALs accuracy (n = 175). Piasecki L was the author with the highest number of articles (n = 11). Only 8.16% of the studies were conducted in deciduous teeth. The country with the most studies was Brazil (n = 46). Asia (n = 107) was the continent with the highest number of publications. There was a weak positive correlation between the number of citations and impact factor (rho = .294), and a strong negative correlation between citations and year of publication (rho = −.710). Conclusions: The majority of articles were laboratory-based studies conducted on permanent teeth, focusing on the accuracy of EALs. Future studies should prioritize research on deciduous teeth, systematic reviews, and, notably, clinical trials. © 2024 American Association of Endodontists	Bibliometric analysis; eletronic apex locator; endodontics; working length
Henkels R.; Tak C.; Kim K.; Zhu J.; Chao D.; Munger M.A.	Comparative study of journal article scholarly activity: Pharmacy practice dual-degree faculty versus single terminal-degree faculty members	2024	JACCP Journal of the American College of Clinical Pharmacy	10.1002/jac5.1947	Objective: The goals of the 2005 National Institutes of Health (NIH) Roadmap of the Future of Pharmacy Colleges emphasized the importance of bidirectional information flow in translational research to enhance drug discovery and research. Many dual-degree programs and pathways have been developed to meet this bidirectional information flow to enhance discovery and research, but limited data exists on the bibliometrics of these dual-degree Department of Pharmacy Practice faculties. To determine whether dual-degree programs enhance research, a four-outcome bibliometric analysis of United States Departments of Pharmacy Practice tenure-track (DPP-TT) dual-degree compared with DPP-TT single terminal-degree faculty was conducted over a 10-year period. Methods: A search of PubMed of DPP-TT single and dual-degree faculty from January 10, 2010 to December 31, 2019 was performed. Faculty employed in DPP-TT were determined through published rosters in the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy (AACP) rosters or college/school internet sites. Department of Pharmacy Practice faculty members' number of publications, number of citations per publication, h-index, and NIH iCite weighted Relative Citation Ratio (RCR) value were determined. Descriptive statistics and analysis of variance compared dual-degree with single terminal-degree DPP faculty data. Results: Ninety-one institutions employed 348 DPP-TT dual-degree faculty that produced 7480 publications compared with 131 institutions with 1805 single terminal-degree faculty of 12 670 publications. Dual-degree DPP number of citations per publication (mean ± standard deviation [SD]) was 37.8 ± 86.8 with a journal impact factor (JIF) of 6.4 ± 14.3 compared to single-degree of 24.7 ± 90.8 (p < 0.001) with a JIF of 4.7 ± 80.8 (p < 0.001). Dual-degree faculty h-index was 14.7 ± 12.5 with a mean iCite weighted RCR of 54.8 ± 87.6 compared to single-degree faculty of 6.5 ± 8.9 (p < 0.001) with an RCR of 22.1 ± 65.3 (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Department of Pharmacy Practice dual-degree faculty have significantly higher bibliometrics compared with single-degree DPP faculty. © 2024 Pharmacotherapy Publications, Inc.	outcomes; pharmacy; research; research analysis
Kek H.Y.; Tan H.; Othman M.H.D.; Lee C.T.; Ahmad F.B.J.; Ismail N.D.; Nyakuma B.B.; Lee K.Q.; Wong K.Y.	Transforming pollution into solutions: A bibliometric analysis and sustainable strategies for reducing indoor microplastics while converting to value-added products	2024	Environmental Research	10.1016/j.envres.2024.118928	Microplastics (MPs), as emerging indoor contaminants, have garnered attention due to their ubiquity and unresolved implications for human health. These tiny particles have permeated indoor air and water, leading to inevitable human exposure. Preliminary evidence suggests MP exposure could be linked to respiratory, gastrointestinal, and potentially other health issues, yet the full scope of their effects remains unclear. To map the overall landscape of this research field, a bibliometric analysis based on research articles retrieved from the Web of Science database was conducted. The study synthesizes the current state of knowledge and spotlights the innovative mitigation strategies proposed to curb indoor MP pollution. These strategies involve minimizing the MP emission from source, advancements in filtration technology, aimed at reducing the MP exposure. Furthermore, this research sheds light on cutting-edge methods for converting MP waste into value-added products. These innovative approaches not only promise to alleviate environmental burdens but also contribute to a more sustainable and circular economy by transforming waste into resources such as biofuels, construction materials, and batteries. Despite these strides, this study acknowledges the ongoing challenges, including the need for more efficient removal technologies and a deeper understanding of MPs' health impacts. Looking forward, the study underscores the necessity for further research to fill these knowledge gaps, particularly in the areas of long-term health outcomes and the development of standardized, reliable methodologies for MP detection and quantification in indoor settings. This comprehensive approach paves the way for future exploration and the development of robust solutions to the complex issue of microplastic pollution. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Airborne contaminants; Indoor environment; Microplastic; Sustainable development goals; Waste to wealth
Chorozidis G.; Georgiou K.; Mittas N.; Angelis L.	Knowledge and research mapping of the data and database forensics domains: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Information and Software Technology	10.1016/j.infsof.2024.107472	The field of digital forensics has undergone rapid development alongside the technological advancements of the latest century. This study focuses in two of its subdomains, namely database forensics and data forensics. Though the concept of a database is relatively old, there is an academic void when it comes to its research compared to different domains in digital forensics. Data forensics has a myriad of applications, however there appears to be a lack of standardization in regards to the field itself throughout the different disciplines of the forensic field. Our main objectives with this study were to identify the prominent trends, uncover research gaps or further research necessity and to provide a high level outline of the selected domains. To fulfill the objectives, we designed and executed a protocol with predefined phases, steps, and activities that all stem from the principles of bibliometric analysis. The findings of the methodological procedure are presented and the research questions are answered in a concise manner. The two domains have considerable growth, given how recently they emerged in literature. However, there are issues present in the current literature that might hinder the future research and might repulse not only the aspiring but also the current professionals of the forensic field. These issues must be resolved in order to make the selected domains less elusive when it comes to cross-domain applications and when new practitioners are concerned. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometric analysis; Data forensics; Database forensics; Digital forensics; Scientometrics; Systematic mapping study
Lu T.; Lu Z.; Meng Y.; Zhu C.; Wu Z.; Wang S.	Bibliometrics Analysis of Studies on Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy From 2018 to 2022; [2018至2022年肥厚型心肌病研究概况的文献计量学分析]	2024	Acta Academiae Medicinae Sinicae	10.3881/j.issn.1000-503X.15892	Objective To analyze the research progress and hot topics in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy from 2018 to 2022. Methods The publications in the field of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2022 were retrieved from Web of Science core collection database and included for a bibliometric analysis. Results A total of 6355 publications were included, with an average citation frequency of 7 times. The year 2021 witnessed the most publications (1406). The analysis with VOSviewer showed that the research on sudden death related to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, especially the predictive value of late gadolini- um-enhanced cardiac MRI in sudden death, was a hot topic. In addition, gene detection and the new drug mava- camten became hot research topics. The United States was the country with the largest number of publications and the highest citation frequency in this field. Chinese scholars produced the second largest number of publications, which, however, inc luded few high-quality research results. Conclusions Risk stratification and prevention of sudden death is still an important and hot research content in the field of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Chinese scholars should carry out multicenter cooperation in the future to improve the research results. © 2024 Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; gene; hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; mavacamten; sudden death
Bai B.; Wang Z.; Chen J.	Shaping the solar future: An analysis of policy evolution, prospects and implications in China's photovoltaic industry	2024	Energy Strategy Reviews	10.1016/j.esr.2024.101474	Over recent decades, China has risen to a preeminent global position in both solar photovoltaic (PV) adoption and production, a feat underpinned by a suite of pivotal policy measures. With a burgeoning demand for PV systems on the horizon, there is an urgent need to reassess past policies and chart new directions. This study employs bibliometrics and content analysis to systematically scrutinize China's PV policies across distinct phases, delineating the underlying rationale and overarching evolutionary trajectory. It offers a comprehensive overview of these policies, encapsulating their metamorphosis through four discernible stages. The findings of this study shed light on a discernible policy trajectory within China's dynamic PV sector. Initially, policies were meticulously tailored to nurture domestic technological capabilities and ensure a comprehensive PV supply chain. Subsequently, the focus shifted towards the widespread application of PV technology. More recently, policies have evolved to prioritize regulatory refinement, subsidy reduction, and optimizing solar power consumption. These empirical insights underscore the pivotal role of supportive policies in propelling China's PV industry growth, with far-reaching implications for emerging sectors. © 2024 The Authors	Industry development; Photovoltaic; Policy analysis; Policy evolution
Li X.; Lin J.; Liu C.; Liu A.; Shi Z.; Wang Z.; Jiang S.; Wang G.; Liu F.	Research on Aluminum Electrolysis from 1970 to 2023: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	JOM	10.1007/s11837-024-06596-1	The purpose of this work is to analyze the development direction and prospects in the field of aluminum electrolysis and to provide reference information for related research and industry personnel. The scientific papers on aluminum electrolysis published in Scopus database from 1970 to 2023 were collected. Bibliometric methods and knowledge mapping visualization software were used to analyze the papers. Both quantitative statistics and qualitative comparative analysis of global scientific papers on aluminum electrolysis were done in terms of annual paper trends, papers by major countries, authors, institutions, journals and research topics, respectively. The results showed that the number of published papers has had an increasing trend in recent years. The top three productive countries are China, Russia and the US, respectively. The top three productive institutions are Northeastern University, Central South University and Norwegian University of Science and Technology, respectively. TMS Light Metals is the publication with the most papers on aluminum electrolysis. The distribution of research results in the field of aluminum electrolysis was analyzed using a visual analysis chart so that scholars can determine the research trends and hot spots in the field of aluminum electrolysis. © The Minerals, Metals & Materials Society 2024.	N/A
Yıldız M.; YILDIZ M.; Kayacık A.D.	Rising gamification in health education: A bibliometric study	2024	Nurse Education in Practice	10.1016/j.nepr.2024.103993	Background: The rising gamification in educational contexts has been driven by its potential to increase student motivation, engagement, interest and learning outcomes. Thanks to these effects, gamification has gained popularity in health education. Due to the increase in studies on gamification in health education in recent years, this study has been carried out to present the studies in the relevant literature to researchers. Aim: This study presents a quantitative mapping of gamification in health education through a bibliometric analysis of its publications. Methods: In this study, a total of 475 articles were analyzed by searching “health education*” and “gamif*” and similar terms from Web of Science and Scopus databases. R bibliometric package program was used for the analysis. 1971 authors contributed to the studies, which were spread between 2012 and 2024. The number of studies on gamification in the field of health education has grown in recent years. In particular, it was seen that 2018 can be seen as the breaking point and the highest number of publications was in 2023, with 101 publications. Results: The descriptive results showed that Zhang, X. was the most productive author, Nurse Education Today and BMC Medical Education were the most productive journals and the United States was the most productive country. It is concluded that terms such as gamification, medical education, game-based learning, education, serious games, simulation and e-learning are the most frequently used words in gamification studies in the field of health education. It has been observed that the concept of gamification is trending, especially in 2018–2023, with a frequency of 150 uses. Conclusions: This study is expected to guide researchers in terms of key points for future research on gamification in health education contexts. It is expected that the knowledge provided by this study will enable researchers to be involved in this field and/or focus their research more effectively. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric; Gamification; Health; Nursing education; Nursing students
Zhu H.; Wu J.; Guo Y.; Li C.	Pesticide application behavior in green tea cultivation and risk assessment of tea products: a case study of Rizhao green tea	2024	Environmental Monitoring and Assessment	10.1007/s10661-024-12842-5	Previous research on pesticides in green tea mainly focused on detection technology but lacked insights into pesticide use during cultivation. To address this gap, a survey was conducted among Rizhao green tea farmers. The survey results showed that most tea farmers were approximately 60 years old and managed small, scattered tea gardens (< 0.067 ha). Notably, tea farmers who had received agricultural training executed more standardized pesticide application practices. Matrine and thiazinone are the most used pesticides. A total of 16 types of pesticides were detected in the tested green tea samples, with 65% of the samples containing residues of at least one pesticide. Notably, higher levels of residues were observed for bifenthrin, cyfluthrin, and acetamiprid. The presence of pesticide residues varied significantly between seasons and regions. The risk assessment results indicated that the hazard quotient (HQ) values for all 16 pesticides detected in green tea were < 1, suggesting that these residue levels do not pose a significant public health concern. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.	Application behavior; Green tea; Pesticide residues; Risk assessment
Pereira M.M.A.; Dini C.; Souza J.G.S.; Barão V.A.R.; de Avila E.D.	Industry support for dental implant research: A metatrend study of industry partnership in the development of new technologies	2024	Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry	10.1016/j.prosdent.2022.05.026	Statement of problem: Industry needs scientific knowledge to develop new products and services, and their financial support to dental implant researchers translates into commercial products. Therefore, identifying the relevant factors for a successful industry partnership is important. Purpose: The purpose of this study was to provide a 20-year bibliometric overview of industry-sponsored studies in implant dentistry to identify possible factors involved in industry partnership motivations. Material and methods: A hand search of 6 of the most established journals in the implant dentistry field was performed for articles published in 1999, 2004, 2009, 2014, and 2019. Information regarding the continent of origin of the corresponding author, interinstitute collaboration, type and topic of research, and the h-index of the corresponding author was recorded for each included article. Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression was used to determine statistical relationship between industry support and exploratory factors (α=.05). Results: A 6% increase in the chance of industry investment was observed over the years (odds ratio [OD]=1.06; P<.001). Studies from North America (OD=4.87; P<.001) and Europe (OD=3.13; P<.001) were more likely to receive industry funding. Data also revealed a direct relationship between the increasing number of institutions involved in the study and the probability of industry funding (OD=1.21; P<.001). Animal studies (OD=2.26; P<.001) about surgical procedures and prosthodontic topics (OD=1.40; P=.044) stood out for having greater industry support. Researchers with an h-index between 31 and 40 were more likely to receive industry financial support (OD=2.46; P=.001). Conclusions: Industry support for dental implant research was closely aligned with the continent of origin, interinstitute collaboration, type and topic of research, and the h-index of the corresponding author. © 2022 Editorial Council for the Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry	N/A
Gallegos-Cedillo V.M.; Nájera C.; Signore A.; Ochoa J.; Gallegos J.; Egea-Gilabert C.; Gruda N.S.; Fernández J.A.	Analysis of global research on vegetable seedlings and transplants and their impacts on product quality	2024	Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture	10.1002/jsfa.13309	BACKGROUND: Previous research has established that using high-quality planting material during the early phase of vegetable production significantly impacts success and efficiency, leading to improved crop performance, faster time to harvest and better profitability. In the present study, we conducted a global analysis of vegetable seedlings and transplants, providing a comprehensive overview of research trends in seedling and transplant production to enhance the nutritional quality of vegetables. RESULTS: The analysis involved reviewing and quantitatively analysing 762 articles and 5248 keywords from the Scopus database from 1971 to 2022. We used statistical, mathematical and clustering tools to analyse bibliometrics and visualise the most relevant research topics. A visualisation map was generated to identify the evolution of keywords used in the articles, resulting in five clusters for further analysis. Our study highlights the importance of the size of seed trays for the type of crop, the mechanical seeder used and the greenhouse facilities to produce desirable transplants. We identified grafting and light-emitting diode (LED) lighting technology as rapidly expanding technologies in vegetable seedlings and transplant production used to promote plant qualitative profile. CONCLUSION: There is a need for sustainable growing media to optimise resources and reduce input use. Thus, applying grafting, LED artificial lighting, biostimulants, biofortification and plant growth-promoting microorganisms in seedling production can enhance efficiency and promote sustainable vegetable nutritional quality by accumulating biocompounds. Further research is needed to explore the working mechanisms and devise novel strategies to enhance the product quality of vegetables, commencing from the early stages of food production. © 2024 The Authors. Journal of The Science of Food and Agriculture published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Society of Chemical Industry. © 2024 The Authors. Journal of The Science of Food and Agriculture published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Society of Chemical Industry.	bibliometric analysis; biofortification; biostimulant; LED lights; nutripriming; organic transplant nursey
Al Teneiji A.S.; Abu Salim T.Y.; Riaz Z.	Factors impacting the adoption of big data in healthcare: A systematic literature review	2024	International Journal of Medical Informatics	10.1016/j.ijmedinf.2024.105460	Background: The term “big data” refers to the vast volume, variety, and velocity of data generated from various sources—e.g., sensors, social media, and online platforms. Big data adoption within healthcare poses an intriguing possibility for improving patients’ health, increasing operational efficiency, and enabling data-driven decision-making. Despite considerable interest in the adoption of big data in healthcare, empirical research assessing the factors impacting the adoption process is lacking. Therefore, this review aimed to investigate the literature using a systematic approach to explore the factors that affect big data adoption in healthcare. Methods: A systematic literature review was conducted. The methodical and thorough process of discovering, assessing, and synthesizing relevant studies provided a full review of the available data. Several databases were used for the information search. Most of the articles retrieved from the search came from popular medical research databases, such as Scopus, Taylor & Francis, ScienceDirect, Emerald Insights, PubMed, Springer, IEEE, MDPI, Google Scholar, ProQuest Central, ProQuest Public Health Database, and MEDLINE. Results and conclusion: The results of the systematic literature review indicated that several theoretical frameworks (including the technology acceptance model; the technology, organization, and environment framework; the interactive communication technology adoption model; diffusion of innovation theory; dynamic capabilities theory; and the absorptive capability framework) can be used to analyze and understand technology acceptance in healthcare. It is vital to consider the safety of electronic health records during the use of big data. Furthermore, several elements were found to determine technological acceptance, including environmental, technological, organizational, political, and regulatory factors. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Adoption; Big data; Data science; Electronic health records; Healthcare; Systematic literature review
Fauzi M.A.; Abidin N.H.Z.; Omer M.M.; Kineber A.F.; Rahman A.R.A.	Role of sustainable development goals in advancing the circular economy: A state-of-the-art review on past, present and future directions	2024	Waste Management and Research	10.1177/0734242X231196765	The purpose of this study is to review the relationship between the highly anticipated concept of circular economy (CE) and sustainable development goals (SDGs). These two sustainability principles have transformed organizations and countries in their quest to achieve sustainable development. Despite their importance to the business and corporate realm, the discussion of these two concepts has been developed in silos, arbitrarily connected. Through a bibliometric approach, this study reviewed 226 journal publications and 16,008 cited references from the Web of Science (WoS) to understand the past, present and future trends of the two concepts and their impact on the sustainability development. The bibliometric approach of citation, co-citation and co-word analysis uncovers the relevant and significant themes and research streams. Theoretical and practical implications were discussed within the broader business and governance perspective to develop a substantial triple bottom line in creating a sustainable future for civil society. © The Author(s) 2023.	bibliometric analysis; circular economy; SDGs; Sustainable development; web of science
Kundu S.; Kundu B.; Rana N.K.; Mahato S.	Wetland degradation and its impacts on livelihoods and sustainable development goals: An overview	2024	Sustainable Production and Consumption	10.1016/j.spc.2024.05.024	Wetlands, vital ecosystems that support 40 % of the world's species and serve as nature's water filters, are disappearing three times faster than forests. While global research extensively examines the increasing degradation of wetland health, there exists a significant research gap concerning its impact on livelihoods and the achievement of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). To address this gap, a systematic review was conducted following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) guidelines, utilising data from 1270 database records and 350 research studies spanning 1990 to 2023. The study reveals alarming annual wetland health loss rates ranging from 0.02 % to 3.14 %, driven globally by built-up areas, agricultural expansion, climate change, and pollution. Notably, developing countries and those with lower development indices exhibit the highest rates of wetland health degradation, primarily attributed to agricultural and urban expansion, as well as pollution. The analysis establishes a negative correlation between wetland health degradation rates, driving factors, and key indicators such as the Sustainable Development Goal Index (SDGI) (r = −0.38), Environmental Performance Index (EPI) (r = −0.34), Income Classification (r = −0.42), and Human Development Index (HDI) (r = −0.38). The study emphasizes the imperative of improving economic and socio-ecological conditions to enhance conservation and restoration efforts in wetland areas, thereby contributing to the achievement of SDGs. The interconnectedness of wetland health with broader SDGs underscores the need for targeted interventions. Recommendations include prioritizing comprehensive strategies for environmental and societal well-being, urging policymakers and practitioners to consider the holistic implications of wetland health degradation in their decision-making processes. © 2024 Institution of Chemical Engineers	Bibliometric analysis; Drivers of wetland health degradation; Livelihood dependence on wetlands; SDGs; Systematic review; Wetland health
Jiang F.; Pan T.; Wang J.; Ma Y.	To academia or industry: Mobility and impact on ACM fellows’ scientific careers	2024	Information Processing and Management	10.1016/j.ipm.2024.103736	The movement of distinguished computer scientists, including ACM Fellows, serves as a pivotal mechanism for disseminating knowledge. This mobility facilitates significant knowledge spillovers that extend across various institutions, sectors, and even national borders. However, we know little about the mobility patterns of ACM fellows and how mobility affects their subsequent scientific careers. In this study, by tracing the mobility trajectories of nearly all ACM fellows elected between 1994 and 2022, and further employing a difference-in-differences design, we are then able to understand the evolving dynamics of the mobility networks among ACM Fellows and quantify the effects of different mobility paths on scientists’ productivity, collaborations, and citation impact. We find that institutional mobility among ACM fellows has seen a rapid increase since the 1970s, particularly in terms of inter-sectoral job transitions between elite universities and big tech corporations. Furthermore, different career mobility paths shape ACM fellows’ post-mobility scientific careers. Mobility paths to academia tend to bolster research collaboration and productivity, whereas leaving academia to industry decreases scientists’ collaborations and productivity yet rebounded following a move from industry to academia. Together, these results imply the changing structure of ACM fellows’ mobility networks over time and underscore the profound implications of mobility paths on their subsequent scientific careers. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	ACM fellow; Bibliometrics; Difference in differences; Institutional mobility; Scientific career
Hezam K.; Fu E.; Zhang J.; Li Z.	Therapeutic trends of priming mesenchymal stem cells: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Biochemistry and Biophysics Reports	10.1016/j.bbrep.2024.101708	Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) have gained substantial attention in regenerative medicine due to their multilineage differentiation potential and immunomodulatory capabilities. MSCs have demonstrated therapeutic promise in numerous preclinical and clinical studies across a variety of diseases, including neurodegenerative disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune conditions. Recently, priming MSCs has emerged as a novel strategy to enhance their therapeutic efficacy by preconditioning them for optimal survival and function in challenging in vivo environments. This study presented a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of research activity in the field of priming mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) from 2003 to 2023. Utilizing a dataset of 585 documents, we explored research trends, leading authors and countries, productive journals, and frequently used keywords. We also explored priming strategies to augment the therapeutic efficacy of MSCs. Our findings show increasing research productivity with a peak in 2019, identified the United States as the leading contributor, and highlighted WANG JA as the most prolific author. The most published journal was Stem Cell Research & Therapy. Keyword analysis revealed core research areas emerging hotspots, while coword and cited sources visualizations elucidated the conceptual framework and key information sources. Further studies are crucial to advance the translation of primed MSCs from bench to bedside, potentially revolutionizing the landscape of regenerative medicine. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometric analysis; Mesenchymal stem cells; MSCs; Preconditioning; Priming
Cedeno E.; Pasqualini I.; Emara A.K.; Ibaseta A.; Oyem P.C.; Deren M.; Krebs V.E.; Molloy R.; Piuzzi N.S.	Journal Metrics of Orthopaedic Journals between 2016 and 2021: Trends and Comparisons with Other Specialties	2024	Journal of Knee Surgery	10.1055/s-0044-1779518	Bibliometric analysis plays a crucial role in elucidating publication trends and aids scholars in gauging the reach of prospective journals for their research dissemination. Concerns with impact factor (IF) have led us to examine the trends in IF, corrected IF (cIF), and Citescore in orthopaedic journals from 2016 to 2021 and compare them with internal medicine and general surgery journals. Journal IF and cIF were obtained from Journal Citation Reports and Citescore data from the Elsevier Scopus database for the years 2016 to 2021. Orthopaedic journals were categorized, and 10 medicine and surgery journals were selected for comparison. Mean values were analyzed to identify trends. The study included 52 orthopaedic journals, evenly split between the United States and the rest of the world, predominantly publishing in English. Mean IF in orthopaedic journals increased from 1.93 (2016) to 2.78 (2021), with similar rises in cIF and Citescore. These trends were consistent in specialty and general orthopaedic journals. No significant differences were found in mean IF between these categories. Medicine and surgery journals also experienced significant IF increases. Orthopaedic journals have experienced growing esteem and extent from 2016 to 2021. Specialty and general orthopaedic journals showed parallel growth. Researchers can utilize this analysis for informed publishing decisions, potentially expanding their readership.  © 2024. Thieme. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; Citescore; impact factor; orthopaedic journals; publication trends
Meng S.; Song S.; Yin R.	Bibliometric and visual analysis of immune checkpoint inhibitors for ovarian cancer	2024	Asian Journal of Surgery	10.1016/j.asjsur.2024.03.056	[No abstract available]	N/A
Luo S.; Guo H.; Shen C.; Zhang D.; Shao W.; Zhong S.; Liu Y.	Status and progress of research on user experience design evaluation for intelligent products; [智能产品用户体验设计评价研究现状与进展]	2024	Jisuanji Jicheng Zhizao Xitong/Computer Integrated Manufacturing Systems, CIMS	10.13196/j.cims.2023.0657	To comprehensively summarize and systematically discuss current research on user experience design evaluation for smart products, promoting the formation and development of related theoretical or practical research, the existing research was summarized from the perspectives of indicators, processes and methods.A hierarchical model of smart product user experience design evaluation containing an ontology evaluation layer, behavior evaluation layer and value evaluation layer was constructed.Based on the rooted theory and bibliometrics method, a smart product user experience evaluation index library was proposed, key technologies were clarified, future research hotspots and development trends were proposed.Finally, scene fusion, diversified evaluation methods, information security, ethical standards, participation methods and long-term user experience were considered to have the potential for development in future research on user experience design evaluation of intelligent products, which provided reference or assistance for researchers or practitioners in related fields. © 2024 CIMS. All rights reserved.	evaluation indicators; evaluation methods; evaluation techniques; intelligent products; user experience design
Shaw S.; Chattopadhyay A.; Bhutia L.T.	Trends in environmental risk and child health research: A bibliometric study, 1990–2022	2024	Clinical Epidemiology and Global Health	10.1016/j.cegh.2024.101651	Background: Worldwide, climate change has significantly contributed to the global burden of disease. Children are among the most vulnerable groups of population bearing the brunt of climate change. To explore the development of research on environmental risk and child health, a bibliometric analysis was conducted encompassing literature from 1990 to 2022. Methods: The study draws upon 6816 published articles related to environmental risk and child health, sourced from the Scopus database spanning the period from 1990 to 2022. The research encompasses several key analyses: trend analysis, country and journal contribution, author contribution using the Bibliometrix R package and co-occurrence analysis was performed using VOSviewer. Results: The study highlights the major contributions of the USA and China. The USA leads in both Single Country Publications and Multiple Country Publications. The International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health stands out as the primary source, with the highest number of documents in this field. Co-occurrence analysis revealed common clusters of words like children, child health, mental health, adolescence, and physical activity. The keyword network map highlighted climate change, social determinants of health, and resilience as the most emerging research topics. Conclusions: The study highlights the crucial role of environmental factors in influencing child health. The geographical disparities in research output suggest a need for broader research engagement globally, particularly from developing countries, to better address and mitigate the adverse effects of environmental exposures on children's health worldwide. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Child health; Environment exposure; Mapping; Networking; Resilience
Moreno L.B.; Franco M.C.; Karam S.A.; van de Sande F.H.; Montagner A.F.	Persistent gender disparity in leading dental publications across 4 decades: an observational study	2024	Journal of Clinical Epidemiology	10.1016/j.jclinepi.2024.111386	Objectives: This observational study assessed the differences in the gender of the first and last authors in the most-cited dental articles over the last 4 decades. Study Design and Setting: Articles were obtained through an electronic search of the most-cited articles in dentistry by decade (total n = 400 articles). The 100 most-cited studies in each decade (1980–1989, 1990–1999, 2000–2009, and 2010–2019), with any study design, with results in dentistry were eligible. The gender of the first and last authors was determined using the Genderize database. Comparative evaluation of gender distribution in general and across the 4 decades was performed with the Chi-square test, and the contribution of variables on the citation rate of articles was performed using linear regression. Results: There were statistical differences between the gender distributions, with a predominance of men in the first (83.8%) and the last (86.8%) positions (P < .001). Over the decades, there was a tendency for an increase in the proportion of women as the last author (P = .002; Chi-square trend Test), with an increase of women from 6% to 22% across the last 4 decades. However, no statistically significant differences were observed between the genders for the first author in the last 4 decades (P = .163; Chi-square trend Test). Conclusion: The findings indicate that men lead a large percentage of the most-cited articles in dentistry and that this trend has not shown substantial modifications over the last years. Nonetheless, for the position of last authorship, an increase in women's representativity was observed over the last decades. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Authorship; Bias; Citation rate; Dentistry; Gender; Gender disparities; Women
Yin Z.; Li Y.; Yuan Z.; Mao Y.; Long L.; Luo C.	Textual Research on Key Information of Classic Prescription Zhuye Shigaotang; [经 典 名 方 竹 叶 石 膏 汤 关 键 信 息 考 证]	2024	Chinese Journal of Experimental Traditional Medical Formulae	10.13422/j.cnki.syfjx.20230413	"Zhuye Shigaotang is one of the 100 classic prescriptions published by the National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine. This study used the traceability method and bibliometrics method to analyze the main applicable syndromes,efficacy and meanings,modern disease spectrum,and other aspects of Zhuye Shigaotang,so as to further promote the research and development of this prescription. The results showed that Zhuye Shigaotang originated from the Treatise on Febrile Diseases,and its ingredients included Lophatheri Herba,Gypsum Fibrosum,Pinelliae Rhizoma,Ophiopogonis Radix,Ginseng Radix et Rhizoma,Glycyrrhizae Radix et Rhizoma,and Oryza sativa. The main applicable syndromes of Zhuye Shigaotang recorded in ancient books included heatstroke,cough and asthma,sores,sweat syndrome,hiccup,insomnia,malaria,headache,blood syndrome,nasosinusitis,laryngitis,etc.,involving diseases of internal medicine,surgery,gynecology,and pediatrics. Its pathogenesis was ""incomplete residual heat,both Qi and Yin injuries,and stomach-Qi disharmony"". The research found that Zhuye Shigaotang could also be used to treat acne,measles,and cholera,and it was especially suitable for the treatment at the later stage of epidemic diseases. Lophatheri Herba and Gypsum Fibrosum in the prescription could clear away heat and relieve vexation. Ginseng Radix et Rhizoma,Ophiopogonis Radix,Ginseng Radix et Rhizoma,and Oryza sativa could promote body fluid production and invigorate Qi. Pinelliae Rhizoma could harmonize the stomach and stop vomiting. The prescription had stable compatibility and had the effects of clearing away heat,relieving vexation,invigorating Qi,promoting body fluid production,and harmonizing the stomach. Zhuye Shigaotang was widely applied in modern clinical practices,with high application frequency in the digestive system,pediatric-related diseases,respiratory system,infectious diseases,circulatory system,and neuropsychiatric system. The specific symptoms included recurrent aphtha,hiccup,infantile pneumonia,infantile summer fever,unexplained fever,upper respiratory tract infection,epidemic hemorrhagic fever,and late measles. © 2024 China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences Institute of Chinese Materia Medica. All rights reserved."	classic prescription; epidemic disease; literature research; Zhuye Shigaotang
Ali M.; Fleming V.; Maxwell C.	Emerging trends in research on perineal trauma management: A bibliometric analysis of articles published since 1985	2024	Midwifery	10.1016/j.midw.2024.104003	Background: The purpose of this bibliometric analysis is to explore global trends in scientific research involving spontaneous perineal tears sustained during childbirth. This research is critical as a significant number of women have vaginal lacerations after birth resulting in complications such as pain and pelvic floor dysfunction. Methods: The articles used in this bibliometric analysis were collected from PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane library and Scopus. Analysis was carried out in Python and R programming languages with some visualizations created using VOS software. Apart from traditional methods, this analysis also involved time series forecasting and assessment of rolling correlations. Results: Results indicate authors and institutions from the United Kingdom as the most productive in the research on this subject research. National level analyses for six countries showed that productivity was positively correlated with GDP/capita, average health expenditure and negatively associated with proportion of C-sections. Recent and emerging themes include those involving pharmacological interventions for pain management. Conclusion: There is a growing global interest in the research on postnatal perineal trauma with authors from the UK playing a leading role so far. Countries with high vaginal birth rates, need to promote research in this field to minimise trauma-associated comorbidities. © 2024	Birth; Pain management; Perineal health; Perineal tear; Postnatal
Özlük E.; Özlük G.Ö.	Diffusion tensor imaging from past to present: A bibliometric analysis with trending topics and global productivity during 1980–2022	2024	International Journal of Imaging Systems and Technology 	10.1002/ima.23115	Diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) provides increasing opportunities for clinicians. As bibliometric studies define trends of novel modality applications, this study on DTI analyzed global productivity, most prolific institutions, and research areas. Articles obtained from the Web of Science (WoS) database were analyzed with the VOSviewer program, biblioshiny library in the R studio software bibliometrix package, exponential smoothing estimator, and with the SPSS (Version: 22.0) statistical software. In descending order, the United States, China, and Germany were the top 3 countries publishing DTI research. In descending order, the top 3 most productive institutions were California, Harvard and Johns Hopkins University. Trend topics include traumatic brain injury, tract-based spatial statistics, fractional anisotropy, prognosis, machine learning, autism, white matter integrity and microstructure and Parkinson's disease. According to the estimations, 345 DTI articles will be published in 2025 (95% CI: 254–437). This study indicates the ever-growing employment of DTI in clinical and basic sciences. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.	bibliometric analysis; citation analysis; diffusion tensor imaging; research trends; scientometric analysis
Xu H.; Zhang H.; Qin C.; Li X.; Xu D.; Zhao Y.	Groundwater Cr(VI) contamination and remediation: A review from 1999 to 2022	2024	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2024.142395	Hexavalent chromium (Cr(VI)) contamination of groundwater has traditionally been an environmental issue of great concern due to its bioaccumulative and highly toxic nature. This paper presents a review and bibliometric analysis of the literature on the interest area “Cr(VI) in groundwater” published in the Web of Science Core Collection from 1999 to 2022. First, information on 203 actual Cr(VI)-contaminated groundwater sites around the world was summarized, and the basic characteristics of the sources and concentrations of contamination were derived. 68.95% of the sites were due to human causes and 56.43% of these sites had Cr(VI) concentrations in the range of 0–10 mg/L. At groundwater sites with high Cr(VI) contamination due to natural causes, 75.00% of the sites had Cr(VI) concentrations less than 0.2 mg/L. A total of 936 papers on “Cr(VI) in groundwater” were retrieved for bibliometric analysis: interest in research on Cr(VI) in groundwater has grown rapidly in recent years; 59.4% of the papers were published in the field of environmental sciences. A systematic review of the progress of studies on the Cr(VI) removal/remediation based on reduction, adsorption and biological processes is presented. Out of 666 papers on Cr(VI) removal/remediation, 512, 274, and 75 papers dealt with the topics of reduction, adsorption, and bioremediation, respectively. In addition, several studies have demonstrated the potential applicability of natural attenuation in the remediation of Cr(VI)-contaminated groundwater. This paper will help researchers to understand and investigate methodological strategies to remove Cr(VI) from groundwater in a more targeted and effective manner. © 2024	Attenuation; Bibliometrics; Contamination characterization; Groundwater; Hexavalent chromium; Removal
Alviggi C.; Nappi R.E.; La Marca A.; Ubaldi F.M.; Vaiarelli A.	The metrics maze in science: navigating academic evaluation without journalistic pressures	2024	Reproductive BioMedicine Online	10.1016/j.rbmo.2024.103935	In recent years a troubling trend has emerged in the medical research field, notably in reproductive medicine, manifesting an increased emphasis on quantity over quality in articles published. The pressure to collect copious publication records risks compromising meticulous expertise and impactful contributions. This tendency is exemplified by the rise of ‘hyper-prolific researchers’ publishing at an extraordinary rate (i.e. every 5 days), prompting a deeper analysis of the reasons underlying this behaviour. Prioritizing rapid publication over Galileo Galilei's systematic scientific principles may lead to a superficial approach driven by quantitative targets. Thus, the overreliance on metrics to facilitate academic careers has shifted the focus to numerical quantification rather than the real scientific contribution, raising concerns about the effectiveness of the evaluation systems. The Hamletian question is: are we scientist or journalist? Addressing these issues could necessitate a crucial re-evaluation of the assessment criteria, emphasizing a balance between quantity and quality to foster an academic environment that values meaningful contributions and innovation. © 2024	Academic research evaluation; Journalist versus scientist; Quality versus quantity of publications; Quantitative metrics; Researchers
Chowardhara B.; Saha B.; Awasthi J.P.; Deori B.B.; Nath R.; Roy S.; Sarkar S.; Santra S.C.; Hossain A.; Moulick D.	An assessment of nanotechnology-based interventions for cleaning up toxic heavy metal/metalloid-contaminated agroecosystems: Potentials and issues	2024	Chemosphere	10.1016/j.chemosphere.2024.142178	Heavy metals (HMs) are among the most dangerous environmental variables for a variety of life forms, including crops. Accumulation of HMs in consumables and their subsequent transmission to the food web are serious concerns for scientific communities and policy makers. The function of essential plant cellular macromolecules is substantially hampered by HMs, which eventually have a detrimental effect on agricultural yield. Among these HMs, three were considered, i.e., arsenic, cadmium, and chromium, in this review, from agro-ecosystem perspective. Compared with conventional plant growth regulators, the use of nanoparticles (NPs) is a relatively recent, successful, and promising method among the many methods employed to address or alleviate the toxicity of HMs. The ability of NPs to reduce HM mobility in soil, reduce HM availability, enhance the ability of the apoplastic barrier to prevent HM translocation inside the plant, strengthen the plant's antioxidant system by significantly enhancing the activities of many enzymatic and nonenzymatic antioxidants, and increase the generation of specialized metabolites together support the effectiveness of NPs as stress relievers. In this review article, to assess the efficacy of various NP types in ameliorating HM toxicity in plants, we adopted a ‘fusion approach’, in which a machine learning-based analysis was used to systematically highlight current research trends based on which an extensive literature survey is planned. A holistic assessment of HMs and NMs was subsequently carried out to highlight the future course of action(s). © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Antioxidant enzymes; Bibliometric analysis; Crops; Heavy metals; Nanoparticles
Zhang X.; Ma L.; Sun D.; Yi M.; Wang Z.	Artificial Intelligence in Telemedicine: A Global Perspective Visualization Analysis	2024	Telemedicine and e-Health	10.1089/tmj.2023.0704	Background: The use of artificial intelligence (AI) in telemedicine has been a popular topic in academic research in recent years, resulting in a surge of literature publications. This study provides a scientific overview of AI in telemedicine through bibliometric and visualization analysis. Methods: The Web of Science Core Collection was used as the data source, and the search was conducted on June 1, 2023. A total of 2,860 articles and review studies published in English between 2010 and 2023 were included. This study analyzed general information on the field, trends in publication output, countries/regions, authors, journals, influential articles, keyword usage, and knowledge flows between disciplines. The Bibliometrix R package, VOSviewer, and CiteSpace were used for the analysis. Results: The rate of articles published on AI in telemedicine is increasing by ∼42.1% annually. The United States and China are the top two countries in terms of the number of articles published, accounting for 37.1% of the overall publication volume. In addition to AI and telemedicine, machine learning, digital health, and deep learning are the top three keywords in terms of frequency of occurrence. The keyword time trend graph shows that ChatGPT became one of the important keywords in 2023. The analysis of burst detection suggests that mobile health, based on mobile phones, may be a promising area for future research. Conclusions: This study systematically reviewed the development of AI in telemedicine and identified current research hotspots and future research directions. The results will provide impetus for the innovative development of this field. Copyright 2024, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.	artificial intelligence; bibliometric; hotspots; telemedicine; visualization
Vuciterna R.; Ruggeri G.; Corsi S.; Facchi A.; Gharsallah O.	A bibliometric analysis of scientific literature on alternate wetting and drying (AWD)	2024	Paddy and Water Environment	10.1007/s10333-024-00975-9	The study presents a bibliometric analysis of scientific literature on alternate wetting and drying (AWD) as a water-saving irrigation practice for rice cultivation. Data were collected from the Web of Science, resulting in a database of 439 articles written by 2574 authors in 167 journals. The study reveals the growing importance of AWD in publications from the 90s to mid-2022, with fast growth and reaching its peak in the last 5 years, suggesting that the full potential of AWD remains yet to be realised and explored. Most papers are produced in oriental countries, except the USA and Australia. The trend of keywords in the research on AWD reveals a persistence of certain themes throughout the years while simultaneously showcasing a clear evolution of the topics being addressed. In addition to optimising productivity and agricultural yields, research now encompasses environmental issues and human and crop health, reflecting a broader trend in agriculture and research towards sustainable and environmentally responsible practices. This analysis provides insights into the development and direction of research in AWD, emphasising the need for future research to address the emerging concerns of the impact of AWD on the environment, human and crop health, and economic profitability of AWD adoption. © The Author(s) 2024.	Alternate wetting and drying; AWD; Bibliometric analysis; Irrigation; Rice; Water management
Ferrell M.J.; Schultz J.J.; Adams D.M.	Sex estimation research trends in forensic anthropology between 2000 and 2022 in five prominent journals	2024	Journal of Forensic Sciences	10.1111/1556-4029.15522	In forensic anthropology, osteological sex estimation methods are continuously reevaluated and updated to improve classification accuracies. Therefore, to gain a comprehensive understanding of recent trends in sex estimation research in forensic anthropology, a content analysis of articles published between 2000 and 2022 in Forensic Science International, the Journal of Forensic Sciences, the International Journal of Legal Medicine, the American Journal of Biological Anthropology, and Forensic Anthropology, was performed. The main goals of this content analysis were to (1) examine trends in metric versus morphological research, (2) examine which areas of the skeleton have been explored, (3) examine which skeletal collections and population affinities have been most frequently utilized, and (4) determine which statistical methods were commonly implemented. A total of 440 articles were coded utilizing MAXQDA and the resulting codes were exported for analysis. Statistical analyses were conducted utilizing the Cochran-Armitage and Jonckheere-Terpstra tests for trends, as well as Fisher–Freeman–Halton tests. The results demonstrate that sex estimation research published in these journals has prioritized metric over morphological methods. Further, the most utilized skeletal regions continue to be the skull and pelvis, while the most popular classification statistics continue to be discriminant function analysis and logistic regression. This study also demonstrates that a substantial portion of research has been conducted utilizing U.S. and Europe-based collections and limited populations. Based on these results, future sex estimation research must continue exploring the use of long bones and other postcranial elements, testing newer methods of analysis, as well as developing population-inclusive methods. © 2024 American Academy of Forensic Sciences.	biological profile; content analysis; forensic anthropology; research methods; research trends; sex estimation
Kaya A.; Tuzcu A.	A Bibliometric Analysis of the 36-Year History of Cancer Nursing (1987-2023)	2024	Cancer Nursing	10.1097/NCC.0000000000001324	Background: Bibliometric analysis is an effective method for evaluating the publication characteristics and development of a journal. To our knowledge, this study is the first such analysis of the publications in Cancer Nursing. Objective: This study aimed to analyze the publication characteristics and evolution of Cancer Nursing over a period of 36 years since its inception. Methods: Bibliometric analysis was carried out on 3095 publications. Data were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection database on September 15, 2023. Data analysis was conducted with Web of Science Core Collection, VOSviewer, and Bibliometrix package in R software. Results: The results showed a steady increase in the citation and publication structure of Cancer Nursing. “Quality of life” was at the center of the studies, and “quality of life,” “women,” and “breast cancer” were identified as trend topics. The United States was both at the center of the cooperation network and was the country that contributed the most publications to the journal. Conclusion: Cancer Nursing has had an increasing contribution to and impact on cancer nursing in terms of the quality and citations of published articles. It was noted that the journal's network of collaboration has expanded globally and that its thematic diversity is high. Although quality of life, women, and breast cancer have been reported extensively, more studies addressing the concepts of “children,” “support,” and “needs” are needed in the journal. Implications for Practice: This study not only enriches global readers in the field of cancer nursing but may also be beneficial in providing input to guide future research. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric analysis; Cancer nursing; Nursing; Science mapping; Web of Science
Thakuria A.; Deka D.	A decadal study on identifying latent topics and research trends in open access LIS journals using topic modeling approach	2024	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-024-05058-4	The study utilized Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) Topic modeling to identify prevalent latent topics within Open Access (OA) Library and Information Science (LIS) journals from 2013 to 2022. Eight core OA Scopus indexed journals were selected based on their SJR scores and DOAJ listing. Titles, Abstracts and keywords of 2589 articles were extracted from the Scopus database. R software packages were used to perform data analysis and LDA topic modeling. The optimal value of k was determined to be 9. The analysis revealed that 53.89% of documents comprise over 50% of a certain topic (θ > 0.50). Notably, ‘Scholarly Communication’ and ‘Information Systems, Models and Frameworks’ emerged as dominant topics with the highest proportions of research literature in the corpus. The topic ‘Scholarly Communication’ experienced significant growth with an average annual growth rate (AAGR) of 4.37%, while ‘Collection development and E-resources’ exhibited the lowest research proportion and a negative AAGR of − 4.22%. Additionally, topics such as ‘Information Seeking Behaviour and User Studies’, ‘User Education and Information Literacy’, and ‘Information Retrieval and Systematic Review’ remained stable and persistent topics. Conversely, research on traditional topics like ‘Librarianship and Profession’, ‘Bibliometrics’ and ‘Medical Library and Health Information’ showed a gradual decline. The LDA topic modeling approach unveiled previously unknown or unexplored topics in open access LIS research literature, enhancing our understanding of emerging trends. © Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary 2024.	LDA; LIS; Open access; Topic modeling
Silvestre J.; Benn L.; Chen A.F.; Lieberman J.R.; Peters C.L.; Nelson C.L.	Diversity of Backgrounds and Academic Accomplishments for Presidents Elected to Hip and Knee Arthroplasty Societies in the United States	2024	Journal of Arthroplasty	10.1016/j.arth.2024.01.042	Background: Academic accomplishments and demographics for presidents of hip and knee arthroplasty societies are poorly understood. This study compares the characteristics of presidents nominated to serve the Hip Society, Knee Society, and American Association of Hip and Knee Surgeons. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study of arthroplasty presidents in the United States (1990 to 2022). Curriculum vitae and academic websites were analyzed for demographic, training, bibliometric, and National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding data. Comparisons were made between organizations and time periods (1990 to 2005 versus 2006 to 2022). Results: There were 97 appointments of 78 unique arthroplasty presidents (80%). Most presidents were male (99%) and Caucasian (95%). There was 1 woman (1%) and 5 non-Caucasian presidents (2% Asian, 3% Hispanic). There were no differences in demographics between the 3 arthroplasty organizations and the 2 time periods (P > .05). Presidents were appointed at 55 ± 10 years old, which was on average 24 years after completion of residency training. Most presidents had arthroplasty fellowship training (68%), and the most common were the Hospital for Special Surgery (21%) and Massachusetts General Hospital (8%). The median h-index was 53 resulting from 191 peer-reviewed publications, which was similar between the 3 organizations (P > .05). There were 2 presidents who had NIH funding (2%), and there were no differences in NIH funding between the 3 organizations (P > .05). Conclusions: Arthroplasty society presidents have diverse training pedigrees, high levels of scholarly output, and similar demographics. There may be future opportunities to promote diversity and inclusion among the highest levels of leadership in total joint arthroplasty. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	arthroplasty; diversity; orthopedics; presidents; reconstructive; surgery
Filho W.L.; Fedoruk M.; Paulino Pires Eustachio J.H.; Splodytel A.; Smaliychuk A.; Szynkowska-Jóźwik M.I.	The environment as the first victim: The impacts of the war on the preservation areas in Ukraine	2024	Journal of Environmental Management	10.1016/j.jenvman.2024.121399	The war in Ukraine has had a devastating impact on the environment. Military actions have caused the release of hazardous substances into the environment, such as pollutants and toxic chemicals, that have contaminated the water, soil, and air, posing a threat to both human health and the environment. This has resulted in widespread destruction and contamination of natural habitats and resources and has disrupted wildlife populations and ecosystems. The impacts of military activity on the soils of protected areas are particularly critical, as they are the basis of biotic and landscape diversity and require special management and scientifically based monitoring measures even in peaceful conditions. In this context, this communication paper aims to provide an overview of the impacts of the war on the soils in four Ukrainian protected areas, namely Chornobyl Radiation and Ecological Biosphere Reserve; Desniansko-Starohutskyi National Nature Park; Holosiivskyi National Nature Park, and Hetmanskyi National Nature Park. To address these aspects, this paper combined GIS analysis and secondary data including soil samples obtained during field expeditions, to provide evidence of how ground battles, occupation, terrestrial land mines, and explosions can severely impact the soils. Practical and theoretical implications of the military actions are also discussed. © 2024 The Authors	Impacts on soils; Preservation areas; Russia-Ukraine war; Soil damage mitigation
Nocera A.P.; Boudreau H.; Boyd C.J.; Tamhane A.; Martin K.D.; Rais-Bahrami S.	Correlation Between H-Index, M-Index, and Academic Rank in Urology	2024	Urology	10.1016/j.urology.2024.04.041	Objective: To evaluate the h- and m-indices of academic urologists across all U.S. accredited urology residency programs to determine the relationship between these metrics and an author's academic rank, academic degrees, and gender. Methods: A total of 136 urology residency programs with available faculty information on their websites were evaluated. The academic rank, academic degrees, and gender were recorded for each clinical and research faculty member. Each author's h-index was determined using the Scopus database. The m-indices for each author were then calculated. Statistical analysis was performed using the Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Results: This study demonstrated that the h- and m-indices positively correlate with an author's academic rank. Among the 2253 academic urologists evaluated, chairs/chiefs and professors had the highest median h- and m-indices (h-index 26, m-index 1.046 for chairs/chiefs; h-index 30, m-index 1.094 for professors). This was followed by associate professors (h-index 14, m-index 0.750), assistant professors (h-index 6, m-index 0.667), and clinical instructors (h-index 6, m-index 0.511). The median h- and m-indices were overall statistically higher for males than females. Faculty members with only a PhD were found to have the highest h- and m-indices followed by MD PhD, MD MBA, MD MPH, MD only, and DO only in descending order of index value. Conclusion: The h- and m-indices of academic urologists positively correlate with their academic rank. These metrics may serve as an additional tool in measuring an individual's academic productivity in consideration of job hirings, positional promotions, societal memberships, achievement awards, research grants, and more. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Gong S.; Yim S.; Kabarriti A.	Top 50 most cited articles about female sexual dysfunction: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Sexual Medicine Reviews	10.1093/sxmrev/qeae013	Introduction: Female sexual dysfunction (FSD) consists of low libido, sexual arousal problems, anorgasmia, and dyspareunia. Sexual function is an important aspect of life for many women and is closely correlated with overall well-being. FSD is often underrepresented in the academic space when compared with male sexual disorders, such as erectile dysfunction. As FSD spans many fields (eg, urology, gynecology, psychology), bibliometric analyses are an important resource to highlight landmark articles. Objectives: To identify key articles about FSD by citation number and bibliometric analysis to facilitate future scholarly efforts into more FSD research. Methods: We searched for articles in the Web of Science Core Collection between 1900 and 2023 using terms specific to FSD. We identified relevant FSD articles and selected the top 50 most cited. A bibliometric analysis was performed to collect and analyze data about title, authorship, publication year, citation number, journal and impact factor, country and institution, study type, citation index, specialty, and conflict of interest. Results: An overall 6858 results were identified. The top 50 most cited articles were published between 1997 and 2014 in 12 countries, across 32 institutions, and in 20 journals. The United States produced the most articles. The Journal of Sexual Medicine published the most articles. The mean number of citations per article was 351.64. Observational studies were most common. More than half were sponsored. Of all the specialties, most articles were categorized as urology and nephrology. Research about FSD has been much less impactful than research about male sexual dysfunction, possibly owing to stigma and decreased clinical training. Conclusion: As FSD covers many fields, bibliometric analyses are invaluable to understand the vast body of knowledge. We hope that this research emphasizes the lack of attention that FSD has had and that it provides health care professionals with a valuable tool to understand the trajectory of FSD to guide future education efforts. © The Author(s) 2024. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The International Society of Sexual Medicine. All rights reserved.	bibliometric analysis; female sexual dysfunction; FSD; top cited; urology
Xiao X.; Shi Z.; Song Z.; Liu S.	A bibliometric study on research trends and hotspots of recurrent aphthous stomatitis	2024	Journal of Dental Sciences	10.1016/j.jds.2024.01.001	Background/purpose: Recurrent aphthous stomatitis (RAS) is a common oral mucosal disease. Despite a variety of scientific articles have been available till date, merely a few scientometric analyses have been systematically carried out in this field. The objective of this study was to recognize the hotspots and research trends related to RAS via bibliometric approach. Materials and methods: The Elsevier's Scopus database was searched to retrieve qualified literature through an advanced search strategy on 9 Feb 2023. The basic information was collected as following: article type, publication year, journals, impact factor, the count of citations, citation density, keywords, authors, contributing institutions and country. Results: A list of 986 publications were identified from 1933 to 2022, and the number of citations for each paper varied from 0 to 283. A steady increasing trend in the number of documents could be observed each decade with the summit in 2010s. Controlled study (n = 334) and major clinical study (n = 192) were the most common types of study design. Scully C (n = 26) was identified as the most productive author. United States (n = 166) and Turkey (n = 101) top the list of dedicating countries. Conclusion: This report would offer profound insight into the current status of RAS research and serve as a reference source for anyone planning to enhance the quality of future work. © 2024 Association for Dental Sciences of the Republic of China	Bibliometrics; Citation analysis; Recurrent aphthous stomatitis; Research trends
Liu Q.; Mao Z.-B.; Huang Z.	Current status, hot spots and trends in pharmaceutical regulatory science research: a bibliometric analysis based on Web of Science; [药品监管科学研究的现状、热点与趋势：基于文献计量分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of New Drugs	N/A	Research in pharmaceutical regulatory science plays a vital role in protecting and promoting people's lives and health. This paper used the Web of Science database to retrieve relevant literature on drug regulatory science from 2004-2022. CiteSpace 5.6. R3 was used to perform bibliometric analysis and visual mapping of annual publications, country/institution/author co-occurrences, journal sources, and keyword co-occurrences and emergencies to conduct a global scientific bibliometric analysis to identify the current status, hotspots, and trends, and to promote collaboration and development. The results of the study showed that research in the field of drug regulatory science had received extensive attention from scholars all over the world, but there were still shortcomings, such as lack of cooperation between countries, lack of participation of enterprises in research, and lack of specialized scientific journals. The current hot research topics are the research progress of new gene and cell therapy technologies and their products' safety and effectiveness. Meanwhile, the application of drug regulatory science in public health and health care and the cross-application of artificial intelligence technology and regulatoryChinese Journal of New Drugs 2024,33(12)science will be the focus of future research. © 2024 Chinese Journal of New Drugs Co. Ltd.. All rights reserved.	drug; efficacy; hiliometric analysis; regulatory science; safety; science mapping
Boddeti U.; Polavarapu H.; Patel S.; Choudhary A.; Langbein J.; Nusraty S.; Vatsa S.; Brahmbhatt P.; Mitha R.	Current Status of Awake Spine Surgery: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.04.179	Background: Spine surgery accounts for a large proportion of neurosurgical procedures, with approximately 313 million spine surgeries conducted annually worldwide. Considering delayed recovery and postoperative complications that are commonly reported, there has been a recent shift toward minimally invasive spine procedures conducted under local anesthesia. Despite proven success, there exists a limited body of literature on the use of awake surgery in spinal procedures. Methods: A bibliometric analysis was conducted to map the current landscape of work in this field. 190 articles were identified from the Web of Science (Clarivate, NY) database. A comprehensive bibliometric analysis was performed on a narrowed list of the most relevant articles using Bibliometrix, an R-based programming tool. Results: There has been a rise in academic papers published on the topic of awake spine surgery since 2016, with an increase in publication count by approximately 18% annually and each article cited approximately ten times on average to date. The year 2022 saw an uptick in publications, with 9 throughout the entire year. The most impactful article, with a total of 95 citations, was published by Sairyo et al.1 Thematic analysis revealed that the terms “lumbar spine” and “stenosis” are well-developed topics in the literature, whereas the topics of “complications,” “fusion,” and “cost-analysis” are less well-developed topics. Conclusions: This study provides a comprehensive overview of the most-cited articles in the field of awake spine surgery. Specifically, it identifies areas that are well represented in the literature and those which are underrepresented and should be areas of continued future research. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Awake spine surgery; Local anesthesia; Spinal anesthesia; Spine
D’Ambrosi R.; Migliorini F.; Di Maria F.; Anghilieri F.M.; Di Feo F.; Ursino N.; Mangiavini L.; Kambhampati S.B.S.	Italian research on anterior cruciate ligament: a bibliometric analysis	2024	European Journal of Orthopaedic Surgery and Traumatology	10.1007/s00590-024-03937-3	Introduction: This study analysed the trend of publications on anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) in Italy. It was hypothesised that publications on this topic have quickly increased in recent years due to increased knowledge of both clinical and radiological pathology. Methods: PubMed and Scopus were accessed on 29/11/2023. This retrieved 838 articles from PubMed and 1050 from Scopus. We analysed the top 10 authors, and journals in publication numbers, citation numbers, and citations per year. We have also looked at the top 10 institutions publishing on anterior cruciate ligament from Scopus as PubMed does not give this information in the output. Data mining was performed using the Orange software, Mac version 3.32.0 (https://orangedatamining.com/) from the titles of all articles. A word cloud analysis of titles, authors, journals and universities was performed. Results: The peak of citations was in 2017 with 1529, whilst the peak of publications was in 2019 with 59 articles published. Analysing the number of publications and citations for the journal, the most impacted journal is Knee Surgery, Sports Traumatology, Arthroscopy with 5472 citations and 183 articles, followed by The American Journal of Sports Medicine, with 2722 citations and 56 articles and Arthroscopy with 1990 citations and 62 articles. Considering also international collaborations, the most cited author is Della Villa F. in 2020 with 43.67 citations per year. The Italian author with the major number of publications is Zaffagnini S. with 39 articles, whilst the author with the higher number of citations is Aglietti P. with 1612 citations. Conclusions: ACL reconstruction has gained growing interest amongst the scientific community. Publications and citations presented a rising trend, the majority of the highly cited papers were contributed by few centres, and clinical trials were the most cited study designs. The long-term outcomes of ACL lesions have attracted interest. The authors hypothesised that shortly there will be an increase in articles analysing the results of ACL revisions, the use of lateral extra-articular tenodesis, and meniscus transplants. Level of evidence IV: Cross-Sectional Study © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag France SAS, part of Springer Nature 2024.	ACL; Anterior cruciate ligament; Bibliometric analysis; Italy; Sports medicine
Braud S.C.; Treger D.; Lizardi J.J.; Boghosian T.; El Abd R.; Arakelians A.; Jabori S.K.; Thaller S.R.	The Top 100 Most-Cited Publications in Clinical Craniofacial Research	2024	Journal of Craniofacial Surgery	10.1097/SCS.0000000000010185	"Introduction: Craniosynostosis is a birth defect defined as premature closure of sutures leading to possible neurological deficits and cosmetic deformities. Most of the current literature to date focuses on craniosynostosis etiology by analyzing genetics. This paper is a bibliometric analysis of the most influential works related to the clinical management of craniosynostosis to help guide clinicians in their decision-making. Methods and Materials: Clarivate Web of Science database was used to identify the top 100 most-cited articles addressing the clinical management of craniosynostosis. A bibliometric review was performed to analyze publication metrics and track research trends. Results: The 100 most-cited publications pertaining to craniosynostosis management were cited a cumulative 12,779 times. The highest cited article was Shillito and colleagues' ""Craniosynostosis: A Review Of 519 Surgical Patients"" with 352 citations. The oldest clinical craniosynostosis article dates back to 1948, and the most recent was published in 2016. The year with the most clinical-focused publications was 2011. The most prolific author was Renier, D. The United States produced 56 of the 100 articles. Most articles (n=52) were level 3 evidence. Discussion: This bibliometric evaluation of craniosynostosis provides insight into the most impactful literature on this topic. The highest cited articles retrospectively analyze large sample sizes, outline proper evaluation, discuss intervention timelines, and highlight specific treatment plans for this birth defect. By filtering through existing literature, this analysis can guide clinicians on the management of craniosynostosis to maximize patient outcomes. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	bibliometric; citations; clinical; craniofacial; craniosynostosis
Wang Y.; Qu X.	Global Research Status and Trends in Venous Thromboembolism After Spinal Surgery: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	World Neurosurgery	10.1016/j.wneu.2024.04.085	Background: There has been a growing interest in venous thromboembolism following spinal surgery over the past few years. However, there currently needs to be a bibliometric report on this field. This study aims to construct the knowledge structure of venous thromboembolism after spinal surgery and explores the current status of research productivity, research directions, hotspots, and trends. Methods: All articles related to venous thromboembolism after spinal surgery from the Web of Science Core Collection database for 1990 to 2023 were retrieved. For bibliometric analysis, information extraction involves country/region, institutions, journals, authors, references, and keyword-related data. Results: In this study, a total of 814 articles were identified. Studies related to venous thromboembolism after spinal surgery are showing an increasing trend, with the United States contributing the most. JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY is a high-productivity institution. The journal “SPINE” is highly productive. Research directions cover venous thromboembolism and bleeding, risk factors and prevention, complications, and perioperative blood protection strategies. Current research hotspots are risk factors, surgical location and approach, and perioperative blood protection strategies. Future research trends include establishing a predictive system for venous thromboembolism after spinal surgery to guide personalized prevention and treatment. Conclusions: This study constructed the knowledge structure of venous thromboembolism after spinal surgery, revealing current research hotspots and future trends. Future research trends include personalized prevention and treatment strategies for venous thromboembolism after spinal surgery, especially safe and effective chemical prophylaxis. It is hoped that this study can lay the foundation for subsequent research. © 2024 The Author(s)	Bibliometric analysis; Prophylaxis; Risk factors; Spinal surgery; Venous thromboembolism
Sabri H.; Manouchehri N.; Tavelli L.; Kan J.Y.K.; Wang H.-L.; Barootchi S.	Five decades of research on immediate implant therapy: A modern bibliometric network analysis via Altmetric and level of evidence mapping	2024	Clinical Oral Implants Research	10.1111/clr.14269	Aim: To conduct a bibliometric network analysis to explore the research landscape of immediate implant placement (IIP) and provide insights into its trends and contributors. Materials and Methods: The Scopus database was utilized as the bibliographic source, and a search strategy was implemented to identify relevant research articles. Various bibliometric parameters were extracted, including publication year, journal, authors, citations, and funding. The analysis involved examining authorship patterns, international collaborations, level of evidence, Altmetric data, and funding analysis. Results: We identified a steady annual growth rate of 6.49% in IIP research. The top three countries contributing to research output were the USA, Italy, and China. Prolific authors were identified based on publication and citation metrics. International collaborations among different countries were observed. The level of evidence analysis revealed that over 30% of the articles fell into higher levels of evidence (levels 1 and 2). Altmetric data analysis indicated no significant correlations between citation counts and Altmetric Attention Score (AAS), and conversely a significant association with Mendeley readers count. Funding and open access did not significantly impact the bibliometric indices of the papers. Conclusions: The focus of research on IIP has been evolving as indicated by an exponential growth rate in this study. Only approximately 16% of the articles fit into level 1 evidence, therefore, emphasizing on higher quality level research study shortage in this field. Modern indices can be used as new bibliometric indicators as they also cover social media and online attention scores. © 2024 The Authors. Clinical Oral Implants Research published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometrics; citation analysis; fresh socket; immediate implant; immediate implant placement; post-extraction implant; Scopus
Chen X.; Yan Z.; Pan Q.; Zhang C.; Chen Y.; Liang X.; Li S.; Wang L.	Bibliometric analysis of T-cells immunity in pulmonary hypertension from 1992 to 2022	2024	Immunity, Inflammation and Disease	10.1002/iid3.1280	Background: Adaptive immunity is an important disease mediator of pulmonary vascular remodeling during pulmonary hypertension (PH) development, especially T-cells lymphocytes. However, data for bibliometric analysis of T cell immunity in PH is currently vacant. This aimed to provide a comprehensive and visualized view of T-cells research in PH pathogenesis and to lay a solid foundation for further studies. Methods: The data was acquired from the Web of Science Core Collection database. Web of Science analytic tool was used to analysis the publication years, authors, journals, countries, and organizations. CiteSpace 6.2.R3, VOSviewer 1.6.16, and Scimago Graphica 1.0.35.0 were applied to conduct a visualization bibliometric analysis about authors, countries, institutions, journals, references, and keywords. Results: Nine hundred and eight publications from 1992 to 2022 were included in the analysis. The results showed that Humbert Marc was the most prolific author. American Journal of Physiology Lung Cellular and Molecular Physiology had the most related articles. The institution with the most articles was Udice French Research University. The United States was far ahead in the article output. Keywords analysis showed that “Pulmonary hypertension” was the most usually appeared keyword in the relevant literature, and included “T-cells”, “Regulatory T cells”, and “Activated T cell.” “miRNA” of reference co-citation clustering analysis demonstrated the possible T-cell immunity activation mechanisms in PH. The most cited literature was published in the European Heart Journal by Galie N in 2016. The strongest citation burst of keyword is “gene expression” and terms such as “vascular remodeling,” “growth,” “proliferation,” and “fibrosis” are among the list, indicating that T-cells interact with stromal vascular cells to induce pulmonary vascular remodeling. The strongest burst of cited reference is “Galie N, 2016.”. Conclusions: T-cell immunity is an important pathogenesis mechanism for PH development, which may have interaction with miRNAs and stromal vascular cells, but the possible T-cell immunity activation mechanisms in PH need to be investigated further. © 2024 The Authors. Immunity, Inflammation and Disease published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; pulmonary hypertension; T-cell; Web of Science
Corsi G.; Guarino R.; Muñoz-Ulecia E.; Sapio A.; Franzese P.P.	Uneven development and core-periphery dynamics: A journey into the perspective of ecologically unequal exchange	2024	Environmental Science and Policy	10.1016/j.envsci.2024.103778	There is an imperative need to transition towards sustainable societies to mitigate the consequences of the ongoing social-ecological crisis. This transition not only requires technical advancements, but also the reconsideration of our environmental paradigms and policies shaping the inter-relationships between human societies and natural ecosystems. The perspective of “ecologically unequal exchange” is receiving increasing attention in the academic debate, highlighting the unequal distribution of environmental costs and benefits across different regions, social groups, and generations. This theory posits that such inequalities arise from unaccounted dynamics of global development perpetuated by current environmental and trade policies. Through these, regions of the Core have achieved high levels of consumption and economic growth by exploiting the natural resources and labor of the global Periphery and Semi-periphery, while leaving behind a legacy of ecological degradation, social injustice, and debt. This article contributes to the understanding of ecologically unequal exchange theories, their evolution over time and related implications for sustainability policies. To do so, we perform a bibliometric analysis to assess the evolution and trends of ecologically unequal exchange literature in English-language journals followed by a literature review illustrating the origins of the concept, the theoretical debate, and empirical advances in the field. We find ecologically unequal exchange to be a rising research area with increasing empirical focus, fostered by interdisciplinary collaboration. Moreover, we juxtapose theories of ecologically unequal exchange with the contrasting paradigm of “Ecological Modernization” and the narratives of green growth and decoupling that underpin contemporary global sustainability policies, to elucidate key distinctions. © 2024 The Authors	Ecological debt; Environmental justice; Environmental policy; Global sustainability; Inequality; Trade
Zhang H.; Bai J.; Zhao J.; Guo F.; Zhu P.; Dong J.; Cai J.	Application and future of local climate zone system in urban climate assessment and planning—Bibliometrics and meta-analysis	2024	Cities	10.1016/j.cities.2024.104999	In recent years, the concept of Local Climate Zone (LCZ) has been widely used in various cross-cutting areas of urban climate planning and has the potential to become a generalized assessment tool. Although the underlying framework for detailed LCZ theory and mapping has been proposed, a generalized methodology and multidisciplinary cross-cutting applicability arguments are still lacking, which is not friendly enough for future LCZ synergistic urban planning and policy output. Therefore, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive survey of empirical studies of LCZ systems in cities to improve the understanding and address the above issues. In this study, bibliometric analysis and meta-analysis were used to provide a systematic review of LCZ empirical studies over the past decade; analyze the number of studies, geographical distribution, keywords and research hotspots; and discuss the following themes: conducting studies on a global scale; establishing a new standardized mapping process; heat island assessment based on global datasets; using LCZ as a tool for assessing the thermal health of cities; improving the compatibility of the LCZ framework with climate models; and urban planning and design applications incorporating nonphysical factors. Scientific and practical communities can quickly clarify the current status and challenges of using LCZ in urban climate planning and provide references for expanding the application of LCZ. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Local climate zone (LCZ); Mapping; Urban planning; Urban thermal environment
Li W.; Wang J.; Chen C.; Xia J.; Niu Y.; Yu Z.; Qu S.; Jia J.	Advancements and trends in ecological models for lake ecosystems: A bibliometric analysis (2002–2022)	2024	Ecohydrology	10.1002/eco.2655	Ecological models hold significant potential for advancing lake research. In this study, we employed CiteSpace, a bibliometric analysis tool, and VOSviewer, a visualisation software, to facilitate a comprehensive understanding of recent advancements in ecological modelling within the context of lake research. The objective was to furnish valuable references in support of the widespread application of ecological models in aquatic environments. Using the 4688 articles collected in the Web of Science (WoS) core database as the sample data source, conducting corresponding data mining and quantitative analysis through visualisation analysis software such as CiteSpace and VOSviewer. From the perspectives of literature output patterns, keyword co-occurrence networks and future research directions, in-depth quantitative and visual analysis is carried out on the current status of research on lake ecological models, research institutions, journal publication situations, prolific authors and research hot topics. Through meticulous examination of literature and organisational categorisation techniques, we systematically scrutinised and synthesised the present state, limitations and noteworthy considerations associated with models such as EFDC, CE-QUAL-W2, DYRESM-CAEDYM, AQUATOX, Vollenweider, PCLake, MIKE, WASP and Deflt3D in the context of lake research. Our findings reveal that research focal points from 2002 to 2022 encompass climate change, the ramifications of eutrophication on aquatic ecosystems and the effects of phytoplankton and resuspended sediments on lake management. © 2024 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric analysis; lake ecological model; research hotspots; trend analysis
Orimi J.R.; Asadi M.H.; Jafari F.; Ramezani A.; Hossein Latifi S.A.; khosravi A.; Mahmoodi S.A.; Salehi M.; Siamian H.	Assessing the impact of history of medicine research: A scientometric and altmetric analysis	2024	Health Science Reports	10.1002/hsr2.2186	Background and Aims: After conducting a comprehensive literature search of two medical electronic databases, PubMed and Embase, as well as two citation databases, Web of Science Core Collections (WoS) and Scopus, we aimed to conduct an Altmetric and Scientometric analysis of the History of Medicine literature in medical research. Methods: The following software tools were used for analyzing the retrieved records from PubMed and Embase databases and conducting a collaboration analysis to identify the countries involved in scientific medical papers, as well as clustering keywords to reveal the trend of History of Medicine research for the future. These software tools (VOSviewer 1.6.18 and Spss 16) allowed the researchers to visualize bibliometric networks, perform statistical analysis, and identify patterns and trends in the data. Results: Our analysis revealed 53,771 records from PubMed and 54,405 records from EMBASE databases retrieved in the field of History of Medicine by 105,286 contributed authors in WoS. We identified 157 countries that collaborated on scientific medical papers. By clustering 59,995 keywords, we were able to reveal the trend of History of Medicine research for the future. Our findings showed a positive association between traditional bibliometrics and social media metrics such as the Altmetric Attention Score in the History of Medicine literature (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Sharing research findings of articles in social scientific networks will increase the visibility of scientific works in History of Medicine research, which is one of the most important factors influencing the citation of articles. Additionally, our overview of the literature in the medical field allowed us to identify and examine gaps in the History of Medicine research. © 2024 The Author(s). Health Science Reports published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.	bibliometrics; cluster analysis; history of medicine; PubMed
Rocha A.D.O.; dos Anjos L.M.; Lima T.O.; Miranda N.D.O.; Magini R.D.S.; Vivan R.R.; Henriques B.; Cardoso M.	Publication trends of the Journal of Esthetic and Restorative Dentistry: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Esthetic and Restorative Dentistry	10.1111/jerd.13224	Objective: The Journal of Esthetic and Restorative Dentistry (JERD) stands out as one of the most prominent international journals publishing research in esthetic dentistry. This study analyzed articles published by JERD since the year 2000 through bibliometric analysis. Methodology: The search was conducted in January 2024 using Scopus. The following data were extracted from the articles: citation count, year, language, access type, funding agency, study design, theme (general and specific), country, institution, authors, and keywords. The VOSviewer software was used to generate collaborative network maps among the data. Dimensions were consulted to measure altmetric data. Google Trends was used to investigate the global popularity of JERD research. Results: A total of 1394 articles were included in this analysis. Citation count ranged from 0 to 625 (average: 16.9). Articles were published between 2000 and 2023. Laboratory studies were more prevalent (n = 850), with the most investigated general theme being restorative procedures (n = 882), and the highlighted specific theme being the use of composite resin (n = 327). The United States had the highest number of articles (n = 640), with the diverse distribution among other countries. The most common keyword was “cad/cam” (n = 63). VOSviewer demonstrated high collaboration among countries. Intense mentions were identified primarily on Facebook. According to Google Trends, Egypt was the country that searched for JERD the most. Conclusions: JERD exhibited significant growth in the number of published articles and their diversity by topics, types, origin (country), number of citations, and impact factor. Clinical Significance: The JERD is a journal that publishes studies influencing clinical practice. Identifying the key characteristics of this journal is essential for charting future paths. © 2024 Wiley Periodicals LLC.	bibliometric analysis; esthetic dentistry; operative dentistry
Shcherbakova N.; Desselle S.; Bandiera C.; Canedo J.; Law A.V.; Aslani P.	Drivers of citations in social pharmacy and practice research articles	2024	Research in Social and Administrative Pharmacy	10.1016/j.sapharm.2024.03.004	Background: Research in Social and Administrative Pharmacy has been expanding in the last decade. The recently published Granada Statements offer key recommendations to improve the quality of research in this field. Objectives: To identify the factors associated with the citations of articles in the field of social, administrative, clinical pharmacy and practice research. Methods: This study was a retrospective, observational analysis of articles published in three leading journals. Per article Google Scholar citations was the dependent variable. Predictor variables were extracted from all articles published from 2013 to 2015. The dependent variable was dichotomized using sample's median Google Scholar citations. Logistic regression analysis was performed to identify independent predictors of citations ≥ median. Results: The median number of citations per article was 17 (range 0–341), with a mean of 24.2 (SD 27.6). The number of references included in the articles (OR 1.03, CI 1.02–1.04), the year of publication (OR 0.31 CI 0.21–0.46 for articles published 2015), article social media mentions (OR = 1.01, CI 1.01–1.03 and OR 1.10 CI 1.04–1.18 for Facebook and X, respectively), the topic area of research namely pharmacy services (OR 1.65, CI 1.06–2.57) and medication adherence (OR 2.22 CI 1.13–4.33) were independently associated with article having citations ≥ median. Conclusions: The number of references, the year of publication, social media mentions and the topic area of research, namely pharmacy services and medication adherence, were associated with citations above median in the leading journals of social and administrative pharmacy research. Authors may consider providing a thorough literature review in their articles, while researchers, editors, and publishers are advised to use social media to promote newly published work. This article complements the Granada Statements and may contribute to fostering wider dissemination of the discipline's outputs. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Pharmacy practice research; Predictors of citations; Social and administrative pharmacy
Zakaria A.; Aryadoust V.	A scientometric analysis of applied linguistics research (1970-2022): Methodology and future directions	2024	Applied Linguistics Review	10.1515/applirev-2022-0210	In this study, we provide a scientometric analysis of 43,685 studies published in 51 quartile-1 journals in the field of applied linguistics (1970-2022). Scientometric analysis uses citation records to quantitatively compute networks of cited works and map out how published works have been cited. We adapted a multi-stage scientometric method consisting of database identification, dataset generation, document co-citation analysis, research cluster identification, and cluster characterization. A number of major research clusters were identified and a high degree of interconnectedness in terms of theoretical base was observed between the clusters. The pre-2000 publications had a conspicuous focus on theories derived from language use, which might be said had set the tone for the maturation of the field. By contrast, the clusters that emerged from the 2000s showed more specificity and granularity in focus and scope, suggesting the beginning of a research era with more specialized directions. Despite this trend, we identified influential publications which received several spikes in citations in different eras, indicating their continued temporal and thematic relevance in different clusters. In addition, we found evidence of inter-cluster cross-pollinations. We discuss how each cluster should be characterized in terms of its knowledge base and knowledge front. Highly cited works form the knowledge base of a cluster while novel works form the knowledge fronts of a cluster. Future directions are mentioned and highlighted.  © 2023 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.	applied linguistics; bibliometrics; document co-citation analysis; research cluster; scientometrics
Mauro M.S.; Laudani C.; Landolina D.; Sangiorgio G.; Capodanno D.	Exploring the impact of cardiologists expertise on publication metrics	2024	International Journal of Cardiology	10.1016/j.ijcard.2024.132087	Background: In the field of academic cardiology, the assessment of an author's scholarly impact and professional progression heavily relies on publications and citations. This study investigates whether specific cardiology expertise correlates with accelerated professional growth. Methods: Using data from the 2023 European Society of Cardiology congress, 948 faculty attendees with an h-index of 30 or higher were analyzed. Expertises were categorized into six groups, and their association with publications and citations peaks was explored. Results: Interventional cardiologists exhibited the highest annual publication peak, followed by imaging and electrophysiology experts. However, no significant differences were observed in citation peaks among expertise groups. While imaging experts initially appeared to reach citation peaks faster, this effect diminished after statistical adjustments. Additionally, holding multiple expertise areas prolonged the time to reach publication and citation peaks by approximately six years. Conclusion: This study underscores the influence of expertise in interventional cardiology on publication peaks but suggests that citation peaks and career progression velocity remain unaffected by expertise type. Furthermore, it highlights that holding multiple areas of expertise slowers the attainment of career peak for scholarly authors. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Academic cardiology; Cardiology expertise; Citations peaks; Publications peaks
Lu J.; Cheng Y.; Qi X.; Chen H.; Lin X.	Rethinking urban wilderness: Status, hotspots, and prospects of ecosystem services	2024	Journal of Environmental Management	10.1016/j.jenvman.2024.121366	An urban wilderness (UW) portrays a coupled relationship between natural dominance and human management in urban spaces. Superior ecosystem services support sustainable urban development. Systematic assessments of the status, changes, and trends of urban wilderness ecosystem services (UWESs) are a debated and complex issue in the field of ecology despite their importance as key components for ensuring the sustainable development of human society. We aimed to analyze the scientific literature on UWESs published between 2000 and 2022. Hence, we used bibliometric methods to comprehensively understand the research lineages, hotspots, and trends in UWESs. We found that the research has roughly encompassed two phases: initial exploration (2000–2011)and rapid growth (2012–2022). The number of publications has shown a continuous growth trend; the research hotspots include UWs compared with urban greenfield ecosystems, the spatio-temporal dynamics of UWs, ecosystem services and value assessments, and the coupling and linkage between ecosystem maintenance and human health. We summarized relevant trends for the concept of harmonious coexistence between human beings and nature, focusing on spatio-temporal dynamics and multidisciplinary integration as well as reinforcing the link with human health. This study can serve as a reference for demonstrating the value of UWESs and their practical application in a UW. © 2024	Ecological value; Ecology; Sustainable urban development; Urban ecosystem; Urban wilderness; Wilderness returns
Sakthivel S.; Muthusamy K.; Thangarajan A.P.; Thiruvengadam M.; Venkidasamy B.	Nano-based biofuel production from low-cost lignocellulose biomass: environmental sustainability and economic approach	2024	Bioprocess and Biosystems Engineering	10.1007/s00449-024-03005-4	The use of nanomaterials in biofuel production from lignocellulosic biomass offers a promising approach to simultaneously address environmental sustainability and economic viability. This review provides an overview of the environmental and economic implications of integrating nanotechnology into biofuel production from low-cost lignocellulosic biomass. In this review, we highlight the potential benefits and challenges of nano-based biofuel production. Nanomaterials provide opportunities to improve feedstock pretreatment, enzymatic hydrolysis, fermentation, and catalysis, resulting in enhanced process efficiency, lower energy consumption, and reduced environmental impact. Conducting life cycle assessments is crucial for evaluating the overall environmental footprint of biofuel production. An economic perspective that focuses on the cost implications of utilizing nanomaterials in biofuel production is also discussed. A comprehensive understanding of both environmental and economic dimensions is essential to fully harness the potential of nanomaterials in biofuel production from lignocellulosic biomass and to move towards sustainable future energy. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Biofuel production; Economic important; Lignocellulosic biomass; Nanomaterials; Sustainable energy
Gao H.; Fu D.; Wang S.; Wei M.; Zou L.; Liu J.	Exploring publications in 3 major orthodontic journals: A comparative bibliometric analysis of two 10-year periods (2002-2011 and 2012-2021)	2024	American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics	10.1016/j.ajodo.2024.03.015	Introduction: This study aimed to perform a bibliometric analysis examining contributing countries and collaborative networks, authors and collaborative relationships, the performance of the institutions, and cocited journals and references in 3 major orthodontic journals (American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics, European Journal of Orthodontics, and Angle Orthodontist) over two 10-year periods (2002-2011 and 2012-2021). Methods: In this study, 4432 publications in the first decade and 4012 publications in the second decade were quantitatively analyzed and visualized using visualization software such as VOSviewer (Leiden University, Leiden, Netherlands), CiteSpace (Drexel University, Philadelphia, Pa), and Scimago Graphica (SCImago Lab, Spain). Results: Institutions in the United States had the highest number of publications through the 2 decades, whereas Brazil, South Korea, and China achieved significant improvements in performance in the second decade compared with the first. Closer collaborative networks among scholars were revealed in the second decade. The cocitation analysis of the journals showed that highly cited journals included more professional orthodontic journals in the second decade than in the first decade. Conclusions: Bibliometric analysis of publications in 3 major orthodontic journals over two 10-year periods revealed a trend of diversification in countries and institutions participating in publishing, international collaborations, and collaboration networks among authors in the field of orthodontics during the 2 decades. © 2024 American Association of Orthodontists	N/A
Odetti L.M.; Paravani E.V.; Simoniello M.F.; Poletta G.L.	Micronucleus test in reptiles: Current and future perspectives	2024	Mutation Research - Genetic Toxicology and Environmental Mutagenesis	10.1016/j.mrgentox.2024.503772	Micronucleus (MN) cell counting emerged in 1973–1975 as a valid alternative for characterizing chromosomal damage caused by different agents. It was first described in mammals, but its application was rapidly extended to other vertebrates, mainly fish. However, it was not until 28 years later that this test was implemented in studies on reptiles. Nowadays, reptiles are found to be excellent non-target species from environmental contamination exposure and MN test has become a fundamental tool for analyzing genotoxic effects induced by various xenobiotics. In this article we provide an updated review of the application of the MN test in reptile species, from an ecotoxicological perspective. Therefore, we present (I) a bibliometric analysis of the available research on genotoxic-induced MN formation in reptile species; (II) the use of reptiles as sentinel organisms in ecotoxicological studies; and (III) the strength and weakness of the application of the MN test in this group. With this review, we aim to provide a comprehensive view on the use of the MN test in ecotoxicology and to encourage further studies involving reptile species. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Crocodilia; Genotoxicity; Micronuclei; Nuclear abnormalities; Squamata; Testudines
Wei C.; Shen X.; Liu W.; Du R.	A scientometric study on research trends and characteristics of oral submucous fibrosis	2024	Journal of Dental Sciences	10.1016/j.jds.2024.05.006	Background/purpose: Oral submucous fibrosis (OSF) affecting populations is considered a public health issue in South/Southeast Asia. The purpose of this study was to analyze the scientometric characteristics and research trends of OSF. Materials and methods: All the papers on OSF were comprehensively retrieved from the Scopus database. Regional comparison (India versus outside of India) and chronological comparison (before 2015 versus after 2015) were performed. Results: Among all the 1357 papers on OSF, 930 (68.5%) were from India. In India, biology research on antioxidant, oxidative stress, angiogenesis, and extracellular matrix were distinctive keywords. Risk factors of smokeless tobacco and gutkha and the roles of saliva and blood sampling were also distinctive keywords in India. In outside of India, biology research on myofibroblast, alpha smooth muscle actin, microRNA, long untranslated RNA, and protein p53 were distinctive keywords. The trend of biology research on connective tissue, genotype, genetic predisposition, messenger RNA, and cytology before 2015 has changed to research on myofibroblast, biological marker, microRNA, epithelial mesenchymal transition, extracellular matrix, and oxidative stress after 2015. The trend of clinical aspects of surgery and mouth hygiene before 2015 has changed to the aspects of adverse event/effects, complication, and quality of life after 2015. Conclusion: This scientometric study elucidated the current scenario and research trends of OSF, and would help in improving in reciprocal collaboration and communication for this disease control in South/Southeast Asia. © 2024 Association for Dental Sciences of the Republic of China	Areca nut; Bibliometrics; India; Oral cancer; Oral submucous fibrosis; Research characteristics
Liu W.; Shi K.; Zhu X.; Zhao H.; Zhang H.; Jones A.; Liu L.; Li G.	Erratum: Correction: Adipose Tissue-derived Stem Cells in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery: A Bibliometric Study (Aesthetic plastic surgery (2021) 45 2 DOI: 10.1007/s00266-020-01615-3)	2024	Aesthetic plastic surgery	10.1007/s00266-024-04100-3	[No abstract available]	N/A
Abdulwahid Mohammad Noor K.; Mohd Norsuddin N.; Che Isa I.N.; Abdul Karim M.K.	Breast imaging in focus: A bibliometric overview of visual quality, modality innovations, and diagnostic performance	2024	Radiography	10.1016/j.radi.2024.04.019	Introduction: Breast imaging plays a crucial role in the early detection and management of breast cancer, with visual quality, modality innovation and diagnostic performance being key factors in achieving accurate diagnoses and optimal patient outcomes. This paper presents a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of the literature on the three above elements focusing on breast imaging, aiming to uncover publication trends, identify influential works and authors, and highlight future research directions. Methods: We employed a methodical bibliometric approach, making use of Scopus and Web of Science (WoS) databases for gathering literatures. We planned our search strategy, concentrating on terms linked to “breast imaging,” “image quality,” and “diagnostic accuracy” to ensure a systematic examination of the subject. The enhanced search functions in these databases enabled us to narrow down and improve our findings, choosing only the articles, conference papers, and book sections that are most relevant. After conducting a thorough screening process to remove duplicates and evaluate significance, we utilized ScientoPy and VOSviewer software for an in-depth bibliometric analysis. This helped to explore trends in publications, patterns of citations, and thematic groups, giving us a better understanding of how the field has changed and where it currently stands. Our approach prioritized assessing methodological quality and bias in the studies we included, guaranteeing the reliability of our findings. Results: We reviewed 2984 relevant publications, revealing a consistent annual growth rate of 2.8% in breast imaging research, with the United States and Europe leading in contributions. The study found that advancements in radiological technologies and international collaboration are driving forces behind the field's expansion. Key subject areas such as ‘Radiology, Nuclear Medicine, and Medical Imaging’ dominated, underscoring their impact on diagnostic quality. Notable authors and institutions have been identified for their influential research, characterized by high citation metrics and significant scholarly impact. Conclusion: The study shows a continuous increase in research on breast imaging, considered by new technologies and teamwork defining the present time. The assessment highlights a key move towards utilizing digital imaging methods and computational analysis, affecting the improvement of future diagnostic procedures and patients’ results. The study highlights the importance of continued international collaborations to tackle the new barriers in breast imaging and make the most of technological progress. Implications for practice: This study shows a focus on using interdisciplinary methods and cutting-edge technology in breast imaging to help healthcare professionals improve their performance and accuracy in diagnosis. Recognizing vital research and emerging trends should guide clinical guidelines, radiology training, and patient care plans to encourage the use of effective techniques and stimulate innovation in diagnostic approaches. © 2024 The College of Radiographers	Bibliometric; Breast imaging; Diagnostic performance; Dose level; Image quality; Mammography
Chen G.; Wang D.; Sha Y.; Sun L.	Research hotspots and trends of acute pancreatitis in PubMed database: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Asian Journal of Surgery	10.1016/j.asjsur.2024.03.167	[No abstract available]	Acute pancreatitis; Bibliometric analysis; Citespace; Hotspots; Research trends
Ribaux O.; Lopes Fernandes K.; Weyermann C.	Signs of how the Sydney Declaration article is received in the forensic science literature	2024	Forensic Science International	10.1016/j.forsciint.2024.112066	The Sydney Declaration is an initiative led by an informal group of forensic scientists with diverse backgrounds. It offers a vision of forensic science based on the trace, as a vestige of a past event related to security or a possible law violation. An article published in Forensic Science International (FSI) introduces to this view [1]. Our investigation delves into how the forensic science literature has received this article (the SD article), nearly two years after its publication. One of the main challenges of this exploratory study was to define the appropriate scope of forensic scientific literature, within which the SD article must be located. In general, the publishing domain is quickly evolving, with many competing players, while still being structured around standard academic disciplines. The forensic literature, meanwhile, is scattered and poorly connected. This reflects the fragmentation of practice and research in forensic science, and the difficulty of situating a scientific activity in such a way as to bring out its forensic substance. Nonetheless, the SD article fills a gap. By deciphering the critical concept of trace, it highlights how pivotal forensic science is in addressing societal challenges. Scholarly literature expresses clear quantitative interest in the SD article. It has received significant qualitative citations on multiple levels and dimensions, in a highly relevant manner and in accordance with its aim of providing a forensic foundation for various debates that have been conducted separately, notably over the last fifteen years. © 2024 The Authors	Bibliometrics; Criminalistics; Forensic principles; Interdisciplinary; Trace
Cao Y.; Ma Y.; Han Y.; Bian J.; Yu X.; Wang Z.; Liu J.; Feng W.; Deng Y.; Miao Q.	Effect and environmental behaviour of microplastics in soil	2024	Waste Management and Research	10.1177/0734242X231190811	Soil microplastic pollution is currently a worldwide concern. Microplastics are organic pollutants that are abundant in the natural environment, are persistent and difficult to degrade and may endanger human health while harming the environment. This article offers a bibliometric analysis of the environmental behaviour of microplastics in soils, as well as a thorough statistical analysis of research goals and trends in this field. We conducted a thorough search of all relevant literature from 2012 to 2022 in the Web of Science core database. The data analysis shows that, starting in 2012, there has been an upward trend in the number of articles about soil microplastic pollution. It can also be seen that China is relatively ahead of the curve in this area of research, followed by the United Kingdom and the United States. This article also systematically describes the research hotspots in this field. The results show that the current research on soil microplastics is mainly focused on their identification, enrichment and toxicity, whereas studies on the migration and transformation of soil microplastics and the mechanism of interaction with other pollutants are still lacking. Our results provide ideas and prospects for future research in this field. © The Author(s) 2023.	bibliometric analysis; environmental behaviour; migration and transformation; Soil microplastics; soil pollutants
Ardiansyah A.; Heryanto H.; Sulieman A.; Bradley D.A.; Tahir D.	Science mapping of the development of scintillator research as a neutron detection	2024	Radiation Physics and Chemistry	10.1016/j.radphyschem.2024.111705	This paper presents a comprehensive bibliometric analysis to understand the evolution of scintillators as neutron detection from 2014 to 4 July 2023, utilizing data sourced from Scopus. The 312 selected articles were visualized using vosViewer and Tableau. This study delves into critical aspects, such as the growth of publication in this field over time, contributions made by various countries and their collaborative networks, top journals publishing articles related to scintillators as neutron detection, frequently cited documents used as references, and research trends over specific periods. The results show that research on scintillators for neutron detection has been popular since 2014, with at least 20 articles published yearly. The United States, China, France, and Italy have published the most papers, but Lithuania, Russia, India, and China have been the most active recently. The article provides researchers with an extensive overview of their field. This information empowers them to identify research gaps and find collaborators more efficiently. Overall, this analysis serves as a valuable resource for researchers seeking to advance their understanding of scintillators as neutron detection. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Neutron detection; Neutron radiation; Scientometric; Scintillator
Fontenot J.; Mastorovich M.	State of the science: A bibliometric study of associate degree nursing research and scholarship (1961-2023)	2024	Teaching and Learning in Nursing	10.1016/j.teln.2024.02.018	Background: Since their inception, associate degree nursing (ADN) programs have significantly contributed to the nursing workforce and higher education. Teaching and learning in nursing, established in 2006, has been a vital platform for disseminating ADN research. Aim: This study aimed to evaluate the state of ADN science through bibliometrics to reveal the conceptual, intellectual, and social structures that influence ADN programs and policy. Methods: This bibliometric study examined a corpus of data from 1961 to 2023. Data was sourced from Scopus, resulting in n = 453 entries. Results: The study revealed an annual growth rate of 4.09% in ADN-related articles and highlighted the critical contributions from top sources and authors. Foundational themes include self-efficacy, student retention, and simulation, with notable gaps in other research areas. The study revealed an increase in publications since 2006. Conclusions: This research revealed the evolution of ADN-related publications and the need for continuous adaptation. Gaps in diversity, equity, inclusion, and evaluation practices pave the way for future-focused ADN research. The findings detailed a comprehensive overview of ADN scholarship to shape future academic inquiry. © 2024 The Authors	ADN; ADN research; ADN science; Associate degree nursing; Bibliometric analysis
Iweka E.; Ezenwuba B.N.; Snaith B.	Research designs of publications in radiography professional journals - A modified bibliometric analysis	2024	Radiography	10.1016/j.radi.2024.06.005	Introduction: Evidence based practice relies on availability of research evidence mostly through peer-reviewed journal publications. No consensus currently exists on the best hierarchy of research evidence, often categorised by the adopted research designs. Analysing the prevalent research designs in radiography professional journals is one vital step in considering an evidence hierarchy specific to the radiography profession and this forms the aim of this study. Methods: Bibliometric data of publications in three Radiography professional journals within a 10-year period were extracted. The Digital Object Identifier were used to locate papers on publishers' websites and obtain relevant data for analysis. Descriptive analysis using frequencies and percentages were used to represent data while Chi-square was used to analyse relationship between categorical variables. Results: 1830 articles met the pre-set inclusion criteria. Quantitative descriptive studies were the most published design (26.6%) followed by non-RCT experimental studies (18.7%), while Randomised Controlled Trials (RCT) were the least published (1.0%). Systematic reviews (42.9%) showed the highest average percentage increase within the 10-year period, however RCTs showed no net increase. Single-centre studies predominated among experimental studies (RCT = 88.9%; Non-RCT = 95%). Author collaboration across all study designs was notable, with RCTs showing the most (100%). Quantitative and qualitative studies comparatively had similar number of citations when publication numbers were matched. Quantitative descriptive studies had the highest cumulative citations while RCTs had the least. Conclusion: There is a case to advocate for more study designs towards the peak of evidence hierarchies such as systematic reviews and RCT. Radiography research should be primarily designed to answer pertinent questions and improve the validity of the profession's evidence base. Implication for practice: The evidence presented can encourage the adoption of the research designs that enhances radiography profession's evidence base. © 2024	Bibliometry; Evidence hierarchy; Journal publications; Radiography; Research design
Pedraja-Rejas L.; Garrido-Tamayo M.-A.; Ortega-Piwonka I.; Rodríguez-Ponce E.; Laroze D.	Scientific production in Latin American physics: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Scientometrics	10.1007/s11192-024-05035-x	In this article, a bibliometric analysis of the authors, journals, research institutions, countries and keywords found in 27,750 documents from the Web of Science written by Latin American authors or co-authors in Physics between the years 2013 and 2022, is carried out. The results show that the last ten years have seen increasing numbers in the scientific production and that the more outstanding authors of the region are mainly from Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Colombia, with the United States being the non-Latin American country involved in the largest number of collaborations. Brazil is the most productive country in the region and the areas that draw most interest are Optics, Materials Science, Physics Applied, Nanotechnology and Chemistry Physical. Given that collaborations with the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) involve more than 1000 authors per document or other large similar collaborations, works associated with high energy physics have been excluded from this study. © Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest, Hungary 2024.	Bibliometrics; Latin America; Physics
Xiao Q.-X.; Geng M.-J.; Sun Y.-F.; Pi Y.; Xiong L.-L.	Stem Cell Therapy in Neonatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy and Cerebral Palsy: a Bibliometric Analysis and New Strategy	2024	Molecular Neurobiology	10.1007/s12035-023-03848-0	The aim of this study was to identify related scientific outputs and emerging topics of stem cells in neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (NHIE) and cerebral palsy (CP) through bibliometrics and literature review. All relevant publications on stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP were screened from websites and analyzed research trends. VOSviewer and CiteSpace were applied to visualize and quantitatively analyze the published literature to provide objective presentation and prediction. In addition, the clinical trials, published articles, and projects of the National Natural Science Foundation of China associated with stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP were summarized. A total of 294 publications were associated with stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP. Most publications and citations came from the USA and China. Monash University and University Medical Center Utrecht produced the most publications. Pediatric research published the most studies on stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP. Heijnen C and Kavelaars A published the most articles. Cluster analyses show that current research trend is more inclined toward the repair mechanism and clinical translation of stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP. By summarizing various studies of stem cells in NHIE and CP, it is indicated that this research direction is a hot topic at present. Furthermore, organoid transplantation, as an emerging and new therapeutic approach, brings new hope for the treatment of NHIE and CP. This study comprehensively summarized and analyzed the research trend of global stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP. It has shown a marked increase in stem cell therapy for NHIE and CP research. In the future, more efforts will be made on exploring stem cell or organoid therapy for NHIE and CP and more valuable related mechanisms of action to achieve clinical translation as soon as possible. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2023.	Bibliometrics; Cerebral palsy; Neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy; Organoid; Stem cells
Ding K.; Lei M.	From the early scars to the vicissitudes of old age: A bibliometric analysis revealing childhood adversity and aging	2024	Psychoneuroendocrinology	10.1016/j.psyneuen.2024.107038	Background: Adversity suffered in childhood may profoundly affect aging over the subsequent life cycle. The field of childhood adversity and aging has amassed a certain number of publications, but there are no bibliometric studies in this field. Methods: Publications in 10 years on childhood adversity and aging were searched in the Web of Science Core Collection. Bibliometric tools were used to analyze and visualize these publications by country, institution, journal, author, keyword, research area, and co-citation. Results: Four hundred thirty-five publications were retrieved from 2014 to September 21, 2023, with a 4.9% annual growth rate. The United States (251), University of California, San Francisco (59), Elissa S. Epel (11), and Psychoneuroendocrinology (29) were the countries, institutions, authors, and journals contributing the highest number of publications in this field, respectively. “Early-life stress” (87), “depression” (82), “childhood trauma” (69), and “aging” (60) were the keywords that appeared more frequently. Conclusions: This is the first bibliometric study on childhood adversity and aging. The United States dominates the field regarding publication numbers, research institutions, and researchers. Publications in this field are interdisciplinary, covering several critical subject areas and having far-reaching impacts, with gerontology, neurosciences, psychology, and psychiatry at the core. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	2014–2023; Aging; Bibliometric; Childhood adversity; Research hotspot; Web of Science Core Collection
Amusa A.A.; Johari A.; Jalil A.A.; Abdullah T.A.T.; Adeleke A.O.; Katibi K.K.; Shitu I.G.; Alhassan M.	Sustainable electricity generation and farm-grid utilization from photovoltaic aquaculture: a bibliometric analysis	2024	International Journal of Environmental Science and Technology	10.1007/s13762-024-05558-z	Photovoltaic (PV) aquaculture offers a promising solution for sustainable electricity generation for farm and grid utilization (SEG/FGU). This fusion of solar technology and aquaculture methods is crucial for sustainable food production and eco-friendly power and grid integration. However, there is a significant gap in research, with a lack of comprehensive studies that highlight current advancements, publication patterns, research focal points, key contributors, and future avenues for advancing FGU research. A bibliometric analysis of the SEG/FGU research based on Scopus data revealed a steady rise in publications due to environmental issues, research collaborations, and funding availability. China emerged as the top nation with the most articles published (18 articles and 240 citations) on SEG/FGU growth and development, with Alexander Golberg, Tel Aviv University (Israel), and the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) as prolific authors, institutions, and funders, respectively. China’s supremacy has been attributed to the availability of funding from significant programs like NSFC. Three prominent research focal points emerged: the integration of solar energy, agriculture, and desalination; the progression of PV technology within the renewable energy sector; and the intersection of aquaculture and ecological stewardship. The current research focus is on enhancing efficiency, developing effective energy storage solutions, and expanding the scope of applications for agricultural practices. However, significant research voids persist in sustainable aquaculture applications, designing and integrating hybrid PV systems, and achieving scalability in PV technology. © The Author(s) under exclusive licence to Iranian Society of Environmentalists (IRSEN) and Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University 2024.	Aquaculture; Bibliometric analysis; Environmental sustainability; Farm and grid utilization (FGU); Photovoltaic (PV); Solar energy integration
Awawdeh M.A.; Haq I.U.; Alhazmi N.; Aljhani A.S.; Hajeer M.Y.; Babtain A.M.; Alanzi A.M.; Almutairi N.M.	The orthodontic research trends in Arab League Nations from 2002 to 2021: A bibliometric appraisal	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e32031	The evaluation of publication growth is a vital indicator to assess any branch of knowledge. The present study aimed to investigate the Scopus-indexed publications on orthodontics produced by the Arab League Nations in the last two decades (2002–2021). Quantitative research method based on bibliometric analysis has been used and the meta-data for the study was retrieved from Elsevier's Scopus database on November 14, 2022. The bibliographic description of all types of literature published on orthodontics from 2002 to 2021 by the authors affiliated with the Arab countries has been downloaded. The selected bibliometric indicators of the data were analyzed by using Microsoft Excel, VOSviewer and SPSS software. The Arab League Nations contributed 5.02 % to global orthodontic research. This segment has demonstrated an amazing escalation of documents from a global perspective between 2002 and 2021 from 1.24 % to 10.94 %. Slightly more than 60 % of documents were published during the last five years of study (2017–2021). The highest number of documents (41 %) was produced by Saudi Arabia, whereas documents contributed by Jordan gained the maximum citation impact. The majority of collaboration was done with the United States, but documents produced in collaboration with Turkey gained the highest citation impact. The paper highlighted that the share of Arab League Nations in orthodontic research has been growing, and Saudi Arabia emerged as the most productive country. The constructive evolution of orthodontic literature with international collaboration display an ambitious approach by Arab countries. © 2024	Arab League Nations; Bibliometrics; Orthodontics; Research productivity
Liu S.; Hu X.; Zhang J.; Lv L.; He Y.; Jiang L.; Qin G.	Bibliometric analysis of T cells in allergic rhinitis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e32756	By reviewing the relevant literature in the field of T cell and allergic rhinitis, we determined the development status, study hotspots, and research frontiers viewpoints of this field to provide a reference for researchers and clinical workers. Methods: Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) was applied to obtain the studies related to T cells and allergic rhinitis (AR) from 2003 to 2023, and the information extracted from these studies was analyzed using CiteSpace 6.1. R6 and VOSviewer 1.6.18. Results: In total, 1585 articles were collected from WoSCC, with the time set between 2003 and 2023. Overall, a growing number of articles are being published annually. The countries and institutions with the maximum publications volume are China (370, 23.34 %) and Sun Yat-sen University (34, 2.15 %). The biggest contributor to the field was Durham, Stephen R. from the UK (22, 1.39 %). The Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology published the most related papers in the field (88, 5.54 %). Immunotherapy, Th cells, and inflammation were found to be the research hotspots in this area of T cells and allergic rhinitis in recent years. Pathway, model, Regulatory T cells (Treg cells), regulatory B cells, immunoglobulin E,and innate lymphoid cells were the current research hotspots in this field. Conclusion: The field of T cell and allergic rhinitis is developing rapidly, and many countries significantly contributed to this field. Most researchers in this field mainly focused on immunotherapy, Th cell, and inflammation. Pathway, model, Treg cell, regulatory B cell, immunoglobulin E,and innate lymphoid cells were the main subject of current research, and future development is expected to occur in this field. © 2024	Allergic rhinitis; Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; T cell; Visualization; VOSviewer
Abdallah A.B.; Ray S.; Mim S.J.; Mahmud T.S.; Richter A.; Ng K.T.W.	Assessment of demographics and motivations of post-consumer textile waste management using a bibliometric approach	2024	Journal of Material Cycles and Waste Management	10.1007/s10163-024-01994-8	Proper management of post-consumer textile waste (PCTW) is vital to the sustainable development of circular economy. This study systematically analyze PCTW studies from 1995 to 2021 focusing on demographics, motivations, and reasons of PCTW management. A PRISMA approach is adopted for the bibliometric analysis. It is found that very few PCTW studies focused on the behavioral, physiologic, and cultural aspects. Recently, there is an increasing trend in PCTW publications, with a 73% increase in research output over the 15 years. USA stands out as the most productive country. Demographics such as income, age, and gender appeared to be the most significant role in shaping consumer behaviors, contributing to around 50% of the studies. There is a lack of studies involving participants below the age of 18, omitting one of the key stakeholders of PCTW management. We found gender bias in research participants, and many published PCTW studies focused exclusively on female consumers. Convenience and the condition of clothing items are important factors influencing consumer-disposal decisions, while environmental concerns are pivotal motivations driving recycling behaviors. More studies on gender stereotyping and cultural appropriation are recommended to better understand PCTW generation, recycling, and disposal behaviors. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Japan KK, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; End-of-life clothing; Fast fashion; Knowledge mapping; Post-consumer textile waste
Liu Z.; Li X.; Wang Z.; Li J.; Teng L.; Lu J.	Focuses, Developments, and Publication Trends in Facial Bone Aging and Related Fields: A Systematic Bibliometric Analysis (1990-2023)	2024	Journal of Craniofacial Surgery	10.1097/SCS.0000000000010368	There is a current lack of bibliometric analysis in facial bone aging and relevant fields. By providing clear and intuitive references, predictions, and guidance for future research, this study aims to fill the gap in the current field, summarize the related research, and guide the researchers' future work. Literature data were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database. Results Analysis and Citation Report of Web of Science, and CiteSpace software were used to optimize the visualization results, including publication characteristics, disciplines, journals, literature, countries/regions, institutions, authors, research focuses, etc. A total of 277 publications were included after manual screening, and the overall trend of annual publications and citations was increasing. On the basis of the analysis, the characteristics of facial bone aging, aging of facial soft tissue, and facial rejuvenation have been the focuses of research in this field. As stem cell research advances and researchers, deepen their comprehension of facial bone aging, basic scientific research on facial bones has witnessed a growing trend. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	Aging; changes; facial bone; midface; rejuvenation; skeleton
Palanbek Yavaş S.; Baysan C.	A scientometric analysis and visualisation of elderly suicide research from 1951 to 2022	2024	Psychogeriatrics	10.1111/psyg.13124	Background: There are still many gaps in both national and international literature on elderly suicide. This study aimed to identify the most influential journals in elderly suicide, the countries and authors that contribute the most to the field, and the trends in the field. Material and Methods: Studies published on elderly suicide between 1951 and 2022 were retrieved utilising the Web of Science Core Collection. Co-authorship analysis of countries and authors, as well as co-occurrence analysis of keywords, were conducted using VOSviewer 1.6.18. Results: There were 2864 articles retrieved, including 95 countries, 889 academic journals, 9162 authors and 4160 keywords. The number of publications in this field has significantly increased after the 2000s, and the United States is the most productive country (996). The most prolific author is Yeates Conwell, while the journal with the highest number of publications in this field is the International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry. Other than ‘suicide’ and ‘elderly’, the most trending keywords are ‘depression’, ‘primary care’, ‘treatment’, ‘antidepressant’, ‘loneliness’, ‘quality of life’ and ‘COVID-19’. Conclusion: There has been an increase in both the thematic diversity and quantity of studies on elderly suicide over time. However, these publications predominantly originate from socioeconomically affluent countries with relatively low suicide rates. While the increasing numbers of publications from developing countries in recent years are promising, there is a greater need for publications from countries with lower socioeconomic status for the prevention or intervention of elderly suicides. © 2024 The Authors. Psychogeriatrics published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Japanese Psychogeriatric Society.	aged; scientometric analysis; suicide; VOSviewer
Gueiros L.A.; Ottaviani G.; Jessri M.; Shiboski C.; Farag A.; Sollecito T.P.; Warnakulasuriya S.; Kerr A.R.	World Workshop on Oral Medicine VIII: barriers to research in oral medicine: lessons learned from a bibliometric analysis of the oral potentially malignant disorders literature	2024	Oral Surgery, Oral Medicine, Oral Pathology and Oral Radiology	10.1016/j.oooo.2024.03.014	Objective: This study aimed to assess the impact of oral medicine (OM) practitioners on the literature regarding oral potentially malignant disorders (OPMDs), focusing on oral leukoplakia. Study Design: Using a bibliometric approach on the Scopus database until September 1, 2022, the top 100 cited articles were analyzed for article type, subtopic, specialty contributions, author metrics, and keywords. The Bibliometrix package for R and VOSviewer were used to evaluate interactions and generate science maps. Results: OM practitioners, comprising 39% of contributors, played a significant role in studies related to nomenclature and screening of OPMDs. Notably, 4 OM specialists ranked among the most prolific authors, demonstrating denser collaboration with OM co-authors compared to other cancer specialists. However, there was a scarcity of OPMD management studies authored by OM practitioners. Conclusions: Despite the paucity of OM practitioners, the findings underscored the substantial contribution of OM practitioners in developing OPMD nomenclature and classification, emphasizing the need for increased collaboration with cancer specialists to conduct comprehensive clinical trials for OPMD management. The study highlights the importance of standardized criteria in OPMDs research for better data comparison and encourages further efforts from the OM scientific community. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	N/A
Wu H.; Wen G.; Guo X.; Gao Y.; Jin Y.; Zhang C.; Zhang W.	Bibliometric analysis of wastewater treatment processes based on anaerobic ammonia oxidation process	2024	Desalination and Water Treatment	10.1016/j.dwt.2024.100418	In the realm of water treatment, the anaerobic ammonia oxidation (anammox) process stands out as one of the most innovative breakthroughs. Bibliometrics is an effective method for the evaluation of scientific results and the development of research trends in a particular field of study. Employing VOSviewer and CiteSpace, this study comprehensively analyzed scholarly articles and research trends related to anammox water treatment from 2014 to 2023. The findings revealed a total of 1225 articles in this domain, exhibiting an increasing trend every year in the world, while China emerges as the foremost contributor with close collaborations with the United States, Australia, and other nations. The examination of keyword co-occurrence and cluster network showcases coupled anammox-based reactor startup and opefrational strategies, nitrogen removal studies, nitrous oxide investigations and microbial community analyses are long-term academic endeavors. Furthermore, keyword burst and temporal network analysis,the operational control conditions, driving processes and analysis of microbial macrogenes for mainstream anammox in wastewater treatment plants need more research in the future to improve the feasibility of this technology in engineering applications. Additionally, a meticulous scrutiny of the top 20 landmark and highly cited research articles over the past decade underscores a few persistent intriguing themes, such as “mainstream anammox,” “biological nitrogen removal,” and “16 S rRNA genes,” In summary, this study contributes a nuanced understanding of the contemporary landscape and development trends within the field of anammox water treatment, which will shed light on the future research efforts. © 2024 The Authors	Anammox; Bibliometric analysis; Biological nitrogen removal; Mainstream; Wastewater treatment
Li Y.; Jie C.; Wang J.; Zhang W.; Wang J.; Deng Y.; Liu Z.; Hou X.; Bi X.	Global research trends and future directions in diabetic macular edema research A bibliometric and visualized analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038596	Background: Diabetic Macular Edema (DME) significantly impairs vision in diabetics, with varied patient responses to current treatments like anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) therapy underscoring the necessity for continued research into more effective strategies. This study aims to evaluate global research trends and identify emerging frontiers in DME to guide future research and clinical management. Methods: A qualitative and quantitative analysis of publications related to diabetic macular edema retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) between its inception and September 4, 2023, was conducted. Microsoft Excel, CiteSpace, VOSviewer, Bibliometrix Package, and Tableau were used for the bibliometric analysis and visualization. This encompasses an examination of the overall distribution of annual output, major countries, regions, institutions, authors, core journals, co-cited references, and keyword analyses. Results: Overall, 5624 publications were analyzed, indicating an increasing trend in DME research. The United States was identified as the leading country in DME research, with the highest h-index of 135 and 91,841 citations. Francesco Bandello emerged as the most prolific author with 97 publications. Neil M. Bressler has the highest h-index and highest total citation count of 46 and 9692, respectively. The journals “Retina – the Journal of Retinal and Vitreous Diseases” and “Ophthalmology” were highlighted as the most prominent in this field. “Retina” leads with 354 publications, a citation count of 11,872, and an h-index of 59. Meanwhile, “Ophthalmology” stands out with the highest overall citation count of 31,558 and the highest h-index of 90. The primary research focal points in diabetic macular edema included “prevalence and risk factors,” “pathological mechanisms,” “imaging modalities,” “treatment strategies,” and “clinical trials.” Emerging research areas encompassed “deep learning and artificial intelligence,” “novel treatment modalities,” and “biomarkers.” Conclusion: Our bibliometric analysis delineates the leading role of the United States in DME research. We identified current research hotspots, including epidemiological studies, pathophysiological mechanisms, imaging advancements, and treatment innovations. Emerging trends, such as the integration of artificial intelligence and novel therapeutic approaches, highlight future directions. These insights underscore the importance of collaborative and interdisciplinary approaches in advancing DME research and clinical management. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s).	bibliometric; Bibliometrix; CiteSpace; diabetic macular edema; visualized; VOSviewer
Ming L.; Wu H.; Fan Q.; Dong Z.; Huang J.; Xiao Z.; Xiao N.; Huang H.; Liu H.; Li Z.	Bio-inspired drug delivery systems: A new attempt from bioinspiration to biomedical applications	2024	International Journal of Pharmaceutics	10.1016/j.ijpharm.2024.124221	Natural organisms have evolved sophisticated and multiscale hierarchical structures over time to enable survival. Currently, bionic design is revolutionizing drug delivery systems (DDS), drawing inspiration from the structure and properties of natural organisms that offer new possibilities to overcome the challenges of traditional drug delivery systems. Bionic drug delivery has contributed to a significant improvement in therapeutic outcomes, providing personalized regimens for patients with various diseases and enhancing both their quality of life and drug efficacy. Therefore, it is important to summarize the progress made so far and to discuss the challenges and opportunities for future development. Herein, we review the recent advances in bio-inspired materials, bio-inspired drug vehicles, and drug-loading platforms of biomimetic structures and properties, emphasizing the importance of adapting the structure and function of organisms to meet the needs of drug delivery systems. Finally, we highlight the delivery strategies of bionics in DDS to provide new perspectives and insights into the research and exploration of bionics in DDS. Hopefully, this review will provide future insights into utilizing biologically active vehicles, bio-structures, and bio-functions, leading to better clinical outcomes. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Bio-inspired; Delivery strategies; Delivery vehicles; Drug delivery system
Yang Y.; Li P.; Zhou C.; Liu F.; Liu T.; Wang Q.; Ding Z.	Global research landscape and emerging trends in Graves’ disease: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000037963	Background: Graves’ disease is a prevalent thyroid disorder and is the primary cause of hyperthyroidism. Significant progress has been made in understanding the epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of this disease. However, bibliometric analyses on Graves’ disease are lacking. We aimed to comprehensively summarize the research, progression, and focal points of Graves’ disease through data mining and integrated analysis of the existing literature. Methods: We retrieved relevant literature on Graves’ disease from 2003 to 2023 from the Web of Science database. We performed bibliometric analysis using CiteSpace and the R package Bibliometrix. Results: We identified 10,901 publications from 132 countries, with a steady rise in the number of publications over the past 5 years. The US leads in publication volume, with the University of California System being the primary contributing institution. The journal Thyroid had the highest publication output, while the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism was the most frequently cited. These publications involved 2305 authors, with Antonelli Alessandro and Smith Terry being the most prolific. The most frequently cited articles were the “2016 American Thyroid Association guidelines for diagnosis and management of hyperthyroidism and other causes of thyrotoxicosis” and the “Thyroid Association/European Group on Graves’ orbitopathy guidelines for the management of Graves’ orbitopathy.” Analysis of the bursts of cited references, keywords, and their clustering revealed that research on Graves’ disease predominantly centers on clinical management, thyroid-stimulating hormone receptors, thyroid hormones, autoimmunity and inflammation, Graves’ ophthalmopathy, thyroid nodules, and thyroid cancer. Conclusion: This is the first comprehensive bibliometric study to summarize progress and trends in Graves’ disease research. These results highlight recent research hotspots and promising directions, thereby providing a valuable reference for other scholars. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; bibliometrix; China; CiteSpace; Graves’ disease; web of science
Mutlu-Sagesen H.L.E.; Sagesen E.A.	Evolution of Esthetic Publications in Dentistry, Research Trends, and Global Productivity: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	The International journal of prosthodontics	10.11607/ijp.8159	PURPOSE: To perform a bibliometric study in the literature about the increasing number of global studies on dental esthetics in recent years. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Articles on dental esthetics published between 1980 and 2021 were pulled from the Web of Science (WoS) database. In this comprehensive bibliometric study on dental esthetics, a summary of 2,858 articles published in the last 41 years was shared. Network visualization maps were used to identify citation analyses and trending topics. Spearman correlation coefficient was used for correlation studies. The exponential smoothing estimator was used to estimate the number of articles to be published in the coming years. RESULTS: Of the 3,666 publications, 2,858 (77.9%) were articles. The top three contributing countries to the literature were the USA (816, 28.5%), Brazil (286, 10%), and Italy (246, 8.6%). The most active institution was the University of Bern (n = 55). The journal with the highest number of articles was Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry (n = 178). According to the average number of citations per article, the most influential journal was Journal of Periodontology (citations: 55.6). CONCLUSIONS: Keywords of the trending topics related to dental esthetics are perception, bleaching, cleft lip, connective tissue graft, smile esthetics, adolescent, esthetic region, soft tissue augmentation, and clinical studies. In regard to the global output in dental esthetics, this article is a useful resource for clinicians, scientists, and dental students.	N/A
Yao Y.; Liu X.; Shao Z.; Wang G.; Sun D.; Hong B.	Analyzing and mapping the current status, hotspots, and perspectives of lightweight cellular concrete: A bibliometric evaluation from 2000 to 2022	2024	Journal of Building Engineering	10.1016/j.jobe.2024.109001	Lightweight cellular concrete (LCC) is being widely utilized in engineering due to its advantageous properties such as light weight, adjustable strength, and self-supporting capabilities after the curing process. However, there is a lack of scientometric studies on LCC and insufficient attention has been given to the overall trends in this field. This paper aims to analyze the existing literature on LCC to identify the current research focal points and provide insights into future research directions. The research and review literature on LCC in the Web of Science Core Collection database from 2000 to 2022 were analyzed using scientometric methods in R language and VOSviewer software. The findings were visually presented to analyze the annual distribution of research, author contributions and collaborations, influential institutions and countries/regions, co-citation patterns, highly cited literature, keyword co-occurrence, and research frontiers. This analysis aimed to summarize the general characteristics of research in the field of LCC during the specified period. The field of LCC still encounters numerous challenges related to sustainability, strength enhancement, development of new materials, and expansion of applications. Nevertheless, it also presents promising opportunities for growth. With extensive research and innovation, LCC is anticipated to emerge as a significant material in the construction and engineering domain in the future. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Current status; Foam concrete; Lightweight cellular concrete; Research hotspots; Visualization
Undas A.; Gajos G.; Stompór T.	Fall but rise: Polish Archives of Internal Medicine enters the top quartile of the Medicine (general) journals in 2024	2024	Polish Archives of Internal Medicine	10.20452/pamw.16783	[No abstract available]	N/A
Nguyen L.T.; Chansanam W.; Hunsapun N.; Chaichuay V.; Kanyacome S.; Takhom A.; Jaroenruen Y.; Li C.	Evaluating the Performance of Topic Modeling Techniques for Bibliometric Analysis Research: An LDA-based Approach	2024	HighTech and Innovation Journal	10.28991/HIJ-2024-05-02-07	Digital technologies have been used for a vast amount of bibliometric analysis research. Although these technologies have made scientific investigation more accessible and efficient, scholars now face the daunting task of sifting through an overwhelming number of documents. This study aims to identify bibliometric research analysis's primary topics, categories, and latent topics from a global perspective. This study utilized topic modeling techniques to analyze the abstracts of 16,039 eligible papers published between 1977 and 2023 in the Scopus database. Through the use of Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) topic modeling, the study was able to identify four distinct research topics and observe how they have evolved over time. The research topic has shifted its focus from individual concepts and words to relationships between nodes and conceptual, intellectual, and social structures. The study’s findings have significant implications for bibliometric analysis-related research, providing valuable insights into trends and patterns in bibliometric analysis content within large digital article archives. The LDA has proven to be an efficient tool for analyzing these trends and patterns quickly. This study's novel approach considers factors for word embedding usage and optimal topic numbers. It focuses on a full understanding of the LDA results and combines statistical analysis, domain knowledge, and temporal exploration to better understand how data structures work. © 2024, Ital Publication. All rights reserved.	Bibliometric; LDA; Performance Evaluation; Topic Modeling; Topic Trends
Wen S.; Tan Q.; Baheti R.; Wan J.; Yu S.; Zhang B.; Huang Y.	Bibliometric analysis of global research on air pollution and cardiovascular diseases: 2012–2022	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e32840	Background: The relationship between air pollution and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) has garnered significant interest among researchers globally. This study employed bibliometric analysis to provide an overview of current research on the association between air pollution and CVDs, offering a comprehensive analysis of global research trends in this area. Methods: An exhaustive scrutiny of literature pertaining to the nexus between air pollution and CVDs from 2012 to 2022 was conducted through rigorous screening of the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC). Publications were exclusively considered in English. Subsequently, sophisticated analytical tools including CiteSpace 6.2.4R, Vosviewer 1.6.19, HistCite 2.1, Python 3.7.5, Microsoft Charticulator, and Bibliometrix Online Analysis Platform were deployed to delineate research trends in this domain. Results: The analysis of the dataset, comprising 1710 documents, unveiled a consistent escalation in scientific publications, peaking in 2022 with a total of 248 publications. Moreover, Environmental Science and Toxicology stood out as the predominant categories. Examination of keyword frequency highlighted the terms ‘air pollution’, ‘cardiovascular disease’, and ‘particulate matter’ as the most prevalent. Notably, the most prolific entities, in terms of authors, journals, organizations, and countries, were identified as Robert D. Brook, Environmental Health Perspectives, Harvard University, and the United States, respectively. Conclusion: The findings presented a notable increase in high-quality publications on this topic over the past 11 years, suggesting a positive outlook for future research. The study concluded with an examination of three key themes in research trends related to air pollution and CVDs: the initial physiological response to pollutant exposure, the pathways through which pollutants are transmitted, and the subsequent effects on target organs. Additionally, various air pollutants, such as particulate matter, nitric dioxide, and ozone, could contribute to multiple CVDs, including coronary heart disease, hypertension, and heart failure. Although some hypotheses have been put forward, the mechanisms of air pollution-related CVDs still need to be explored in the future. © 2024	Air pollution; Bibliometrics; Cardiovascular diseases; CiteSpace; Vosviewer; Web of science
Hao C.; Peng J.; Wan H.	Bibliometric analysis of research on digital health literacy; [数字健康素养研究的文献计量分析]	2024	Shanghai Journal of Preventive Medicine	10.19428/j.cnki.sjpm.2024.23586	[Objective]Focusing on digital health literacy, this study elucidated the current research status, focal points, and developmental trends in this field over the past decade through bibliometric analysis and knowledge mapping of relevant papers.[Methods]Utilizing software such as CiteSpace and VOSviewer, this study analyzed literature on digital health literacy from 2012 to 2022 retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS)database, employing bibliometric approaches such as keyword co-occurrence, timeline clustering, keyword burst detection, and author collaboration networks.[Results]The research generally exhibited a continuing upward trend in publication volume；application fields were concentrated in disciplines such as mathematics and medicine；keywords include healthcare, intervention measures, health management, and technological applications. Research in digital health literacy(DHL)has evolved from an early focus on mobile health and behavior change to mid-term focus on health information and internet technology, and more recently to a greater focus on mental health and information technology applications, as well as the application of digital health and mobile technology in health behaviors, reflecting the field’s continuous development towards diversification.[Conclusion]Research on digital health literacy is steadily growing and has received widespread recognition and attention from the academic community. With the development of mobile technologies and data science, the field of DHL is expected to make more in-depth research and application breakthroughs in education, scientific research, healthcare, public health, and social welfare. © 2024 Editorial Office of Shanghai Journal of Preventive Medicine. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; digital health; health literacy; knowledge mapping; research trend
Zhang M.; Surienty L.; Hu D.	Bibliometric visualization analysis of teachers’ work stress; [Análisis de visualización bibliométrica sobre el estrés laboral de los docentes]	2024	International Journal of Educational Research and Innovation	10.46661/ijeri.10257	Teacher work stress has been a matter of great concern for scholars. To better comprehend the current state of research on teacher work stress, it is essential to present an overview of the literature on this topic. Through bibliometric analysis, 212 pieces of literature on teacher work stress retrieved from the Scopus database were scientifically analysed. Statistical analyses of the selected literature indicate that research on teacher work stress has exhibited a gradually increasing trend in recent years. The previous research focuses on job satisfaction, teacher self-efficacy, and job burnout. In addition, job burnout, turnover intention, resilience, university teachers, gender, and job performance are the current cutting-edge themes. Bibliometric analyses of the literature on teacher work stress can provide insight into the current state of related research and reveal hotspots and trends. This study could serve as a valuable reference for future researchers, helping them to gain a better understanding of the field’s development direction and to devise effective strategies for managing work stress. Examining bibliometric data on teacher work stress can offer valuable insights into the present status of relevant research and identify key areas of focus and emerging patterns. This study could be a helpful resource for future researchers, both in their comprehension of the field’s development trajectory and in the creation of effective ways for handling work stress. © 2024, Universidad Pablo de Olavide. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; Scimago Graphica; Teachers; VOSviewer; work stress
Jiang H.; Liu F.; Qin Z.; Peng Y.; Zhu J.; Zhao Y.; Wang J.; Gong L.	Bibliometric analysis of the association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e32065	Purpose: Conduct a bibliometric analysis to review the knowledge structure and research trends regarding the association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: The Web of Science Core collection database was searched for retrieving publications related to periodontitis and CVD between January 1, 2003 and December 31, 2022. The VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and R software package “bibliometrix” were employed for the bibliometric analysis. Results: In total, 3447 articles were collected from 98 countries over the past 20 years, with the United States (1,003), Japan (377), and China (321) contributing the most publications. The literature in this field exhibited exponential growth. The University of Helsinki (n = 125, 1.37 %) holds the distinction of being the research institution with the highest number of publications, with a predominant representation from institutions in the United States. Notably, the Journal of Periodontology emerges as the most popular journal in the field, whereas the Journal of Clinical Periodontology takes the lead in terms of citations. These publications originated from 15,236 authors, with Pussinen (n = 40) having the highest number of published papers and Tonetti (n = 976) garnering the most citations. The visualization analysis of keywords identified “oral microbiome,” “inflammation,” and “porphyromonas gingivalis” as emerging research hotspots in exploring the relationship between periodontitis and CVDs. Conclusion: Through a comprehensive bibliometric analysis, this study posits that periodontitis may heighten the risk of cardiovascular events, offering valuable academic references for scholars investigating the link between periodontitis and CVDs. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Cardiovascular disease; CiteSpace; Periodontitis; VOSviewer
Ge H.; Liu X.; Huang Y.; Ye P.; Fan Y.; Zeng J.	International research trends and hotspots in posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction	2024	Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research	10.12307/2024.048	BACKGROUND: Nowadays, posterior cruciate ligament injury caused by a sports injury or vehicle injury is more common than people think. Posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction is one of the main treatment methods, but there are still a lot of controversies about the surgical method and ligament selection of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. OBJECTIVE: To comprehensively analyze the global application trend of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction and identify promising research hotspots of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction based on bibliometrics and visual analysis. METHODS: Publications (articles and reviews) related to posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction from 2000 to 2022 were retrieved from the Web of Science (WOS). The country, institution, publication year, author, journal, average citations per item, H index, title, keywords of publication, and the top 25 cited articles were extracted and analyzed in detail. The VOSviewer/citespace/Pajek software was used to analyze the co-occurrence result of keywords to predict the hotspots of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: A total of 664 articles were included. (1) In the past 22 years, the number of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction articles has shown an increasing trend in general. The top 3 countries (the USA, China, and South Korea) accounted for 65.51% of all articles published. The USA has the largest number of publications. The University of Pittsburgh is the largest contributor. Knee Surgery Sports Traumatol Arthrosc and American Journal of Sports Medicine are the most influential journals. Laprade, Robert F. is the professor who has published the most articles in the field of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction, and Fanelli, GC is the professor who has the highest total chain strength in the field of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. (2) The research direction can be divided into the following five clusters: “posterior cruciate ligament anatomical and biomechanical studies”, “posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction prognosis, outcome, and complications”, “posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction surgical method and tendon selection”, “surgical technique”, and “posterior cruciate ligament tear combined with multiple ligament injury”. (3) It is concluded that in terms of the trend of previous years, an increasing number of articles related to posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction will be published in the future. The USA is a world leader in the field of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. China and South Korea presented great potential in this area. Anatomical and biomechanical research of posterior cruciate ligament and posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction methods and the selection of tendons may be the future hotspots in the field of posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction. © 2024, Publishing House of Chinese Journal of Tissue Engineering Research. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; biomechanics; hotspot; posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction; research trend; visualization atlas
Jiang F.; Zhang F.; Su Y.; Zhang C.; Chang T.	Knowledge mapping of disease-modifying therapy (DMT) in multiple sclerosis (MS): A bibliometrics analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e31744	Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a heterogeneous autoimmune disease, with a rapidly evolving body of literature on disease-modifying therapy (DMT) that urgently needs to be synthesized and regularized. Methods: The original material used for the analysis was obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) in the Science Citation Index Expanded Edition (SCI-E). The data material was accessed through VOSviewer, Citespace, R package “Bibliometrix”, and Scimago Graphica for data analysis and visualization. Among them, the clustering algorithm based on the Largest Likelihood Ratio (LLR) and the burst citation algorithm is the key. Results: As of November 6th, 2022, 4142 publications related to emerging disease-modifying therapies (e-DMT) for MS, 6521 publications related to traditional disease-modifying therapies (t-DMT) for MS, and 1793 publications in cross-cutting disease-modifying therapies (I-DMT) for MS were included in the analysis, respectively. Publications related to DMT in MS were analyzed descriptively (for three subjects: country, institution, and author) and predictively (for two subjects: keywords and references) separately according to three sections: e-DMT, t-DMT, and I-DMT. Topics that still have relevant reference output as of 2022 include the safety of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) mRNA vaccination, therapeutic inertia (TI), cladribine tablets, autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (aHSCT), progressive multiple sclerosis, and pediatric multiple sclerosis. Conclusion: The future research focus for MS DMT is the combination trial or cross-trial of various treatment methods to improve the development of individualized treatment plans for MS patients. The exact contents of the research frontiers are included but not limited to ocrelizumab, fingolimod and other monoclonal antibodies, fumaric acid ester, cladribine tablet, aHSCT, and other interventions of randomized controlled trials (RCTs); the impact of mRNA COVID-19 vaccination on MS patients; TI, patient adherence, and other medical management issues; and continued exploration of biomarkers for more accurate disease classification based on the existing clinical indication classification. © 2024	Bibliometric; Bibliometrix; CiteSpace; Emerging/traditional disease-modifying therapy; Multiple sclerosis; VOSviewer
Pernitez-Agan S.; Bautista M.A.C.; Lopez J.; Sampson M.; Kapilashrami A.; Garabiles M.; Hui C.; Babu B.; Aziz R.; Jordan L.P.; Mondres T.R.U.; Lebanan M.A.; Wickramage K.	Expert consensus on a protocol for conducting bibliometric analysis of scientific articles on global migration health (GMH)	2024	BMJ Open	10.1136/bmjopen-2023-080729	Background Migration and health are key priorities in global health and essential for protecting and promoting the health of migrants. To better understand the existing evidence on migration health, it is critical to map the research publication activity and evidence on the health of migrants and mobile populations. This paper presents a search strategy protocol for a bibliometric analysis of scientific articles on global migration health (GMH), leveraging the expertise of a global network of researchers and academics. The protocol aims to facilitate the mapping of research and evidence on the health of international migrants and their families, including studies on human mobility across international borders. Methods A systematic search strategy using Scopus will be developed to map scientific articles on GMH. The search strategy will build upon a previous bibliometric study and will have two main search components: (1) € international migrant population', covering specific movements across international borders, and (2) € health'. The final search strategy will be implemented to determine the final set of articles to be screened for the bibliometric analysis. Title and abstract screening will exclude irrelevant articles and classify the relevant articles according to predefined themes and subthemes. A combination of the following approaches will be used in screening: applying full automation (ie, DistillerSR's machine learning tool) and/or semiautomation (ie, EndNote, MS Excel) tools, and manual screening. The relevant articles will be analysed using MS Excel, Biblioshiny and VOSviewer, which creates a visual mapping of the research publication activity around GMH. This protocol is developed in collaboration with academic researchers and policymakers from the Global South, and a network of migration health and research experts, with guidance from a bibliometrics expert. Ethics and dissemination The protocol will use publicly available data and will not directly involve human participants; an ethics review will not be required. The findings from the bibliometric analysis (and other research that can potentially arise from the protocol) will be disseminated through academic publications, conferences and collaboration with relevant stakeholders to inform policies and interventions aimed at improving the health of international migrants and their families. © 2024 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.	Health policy; International health services; PUBLIC HEALTH
Wang C.; Qin S.; Zhang M.; Song H.; Liu J.; Li G.; Sun F.	Evaluation of drug safety with multicenter real-world data; [多中心真实世界数据评价药品安全性研究进展]	2024	Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance	10.19803/j.1672-8629.20240016	Objective To explore the progress, hot spots, and developments of research on drug safety evaluation based on multicenter real-world data. Methods PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus were searched for literature on drug safety evaluation using multicenter real-world data. Firstly, bibliometrix was used for visual analysis of the time the included literature was published and the distribution of countries and journals. In addition, the frequency, co-occurrence, and diachronic changes of keywords were displayed. Information on the target diseases, intervention drugs, research safety outcomes, real-world data sources, multicenter data sharing was retrieved. Results A total of 405 publications in 2004-2023 were included in the analysis, and the number of publications increased year by year. Research focused on pharmacological interventions in neoplasms treatment, including targeted drugs, chemotherapeutic drugs, glucocorticoids, immunological agents, oral anticoagulants and antiplatelet drugs for circulatory disorders. The keyword co-occurrence analysis found 10 keyword clusters, the top two of which involved safety and atrial fibrillation. The most important source of data was the registry (217/405, 53.5%) in these studies. Currently, most research centers shared data within the country, so research data mostly came from more than 10 institutions (158/280, 56.4%). Data was shared across countries in Europe in this field. Conclusion There is increasing research on drug safety evaluation based on multicenter real-world data. The related research covers a wide range, such as neoplasms and circulatory system diseases. Multicenter data sharing between countries is increasing. Advances in information technology can facilitate inter-country RWD information exchange. The more commonly used real-world data is registry data and hospital database information. Building a global and multicenter data management platform and sharing real-world multi-source data will catch on. © 2024 Editorial Offfce of Chinese Journal of Pharmacovigilance. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; Bibliometrix; drug safety; multicenter; pharmacovigilance; real-world data
Liang J.; Lin Y.; Liu Y.; Lin H.; Xie Z.; Wu T.; Zhang X.; Zhou X.; Tan Z.; Yin W.; Guo Z.	Deciphering two decades of cellular reprogramming in cancer: A bibliometric analysis of evolving trends and research frontiers	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e31400	Recent research has reevaluated the traditional view of cancer's linear progression and recurrence by introducing cellular reprogramming a process in which cancer cells can their state under certain conditions. This change is driven by a combination of genetic and epigenetic factors, with pivotal roles played by key genes, and pathways, notably Wnt and Notch. The complexity of cancer's behavior is further influenced by factors such as the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and therapy-induced stress, both of which are significant contributors to cancer recurrence. In this context bibliometric analysis emerges as a crucial tool for evaluating the impacts and trends within scientific literature. Our study utilized bibliometrics to analysis the role of cellular reprogramming oncology over the past two decades, highlighting its potential to improve cancer treatment outcomes. In conducting this analysis, we searched for literature search on cellular reprogramming (CR) in the Web of Science database, covering the years 2002–2022. We employed visualization tools like Citespace, VOSviewer, and Bibliometrix to analyze the collected data resulting in a dataset of 3102 articles. The United States and China emerged as leading contributors to this field, with the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center being the most prolific institution. Menendez was the most influential scholar in this research domain. Cancers was the journal with the most publications on this subject. The most local-cited document was the article titled “Hallmarks of Cancer: The Next Generation”. A comprehensive analysis has been conducted based on keywords and cited references. In recent years, the research emphasis has shifted to “extracellular vesicles,” “cancer therapy,” and “cellular plasticity”. Therefore, this analysis uses bibliometrics to chart cutting-edge progress in cancer's cellular reprogramming, aiding experts to quickly understand and innovate in this crucial area. © 2024	Bibliometric; Cancer; Cellular reprogramming; Immunotherapy; Metabolism
Nizzetto L.; Binda G.; Hurley R.; Baann C.; Selonen S.; Velmala S.; van Gestel C.A.M.	Comments to “Degli-Innocenti, F. The pathology of hype, hyperbole and publication bias is creating an unwarranted concern towards biodegradable mulch films” [J. Hazard. Mater. 463 (2024) 132923]	2024	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2024.133690	Some narratives present biodegradable plastic use for soil mulching practices in agriculture as “environmentally friendly” and “sustainable” alternatives to conventional plastics. To verify these narratives, environmental research recently started focusing on their potential impact on soil health, highlighting some concerns. The paper by Degli-Innocenti criticizes this unfolding knowledge arguing that it is affected by communication hypes, alarmistic writing and a focus on exposure scenarios purposedly crafted to yield negative effects. The quest of scientists for increased impact – the paper concludes – is the driver of such behavior. As scholars devoted to the safeguarding of scientific integrity, we set to verify whether this serious claim is grounded in evidence. Through a bibliometric analysis (using number of paper reads, citations and mentions on social media to measure the impact of publications) we found that: i) the papers pointed out by Degli-Innocenti as examples of biased works do not score higher than the median of similar publications; ii) the methodology used to support the conclusion is non-scientific; and iii) the paper does not fulfil the requirements concerning disclosure of conflicts of interests. We conclude that this paper represents a non-scientific opinion, potentially biased by a conflict of interest. We ask the paper to be clearly tagged as such, after the necessary corrections on the ethic section have been made. That being said, the paper does offer some useful insights for the definition of exposure scenarios in risk assessment. We comment and elaborate on these proposed models, hoping that this can help to advance the field. © 2024	Biodegradable plastic; Ecotoxicity; Microplastics; Mulching film; Risk assessment
Wang S.; Xia D.; Song D.; Lu N.; Chen A.	Could nerve transplantation be the future of this field: a bibliometric analysis about lumbosacral plexus injury	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001332	BACKGROUND: Lumbosacral plexus injury is a highly distressing clinical issue with profound implications for patients' quality of life. Since the publication of the first relevant study in 1953, there has been very limited progress in basic research and clinical treatment in this field, and the developmental trajectory and research priorities in this field have not been systematically summarized using scientific methods, leaving the future direction of this research to be explored. METHODS: Utilizing publications from the Web of Science (WoS) database, our research employed bibliometric methodology to analyze the fundamental components of publications, synthesize research trends, and forecast future directions. RESULTS: A total of 150 publications were included in our study, and the impressive advancement of research heat in this field can be attributed to the continuous increase in the number of papers, ranging from 14 papers in 2000 to 34 papers in 2023 over 5 years. Regarding the country, a central position in both quantity (H-index=125) and quality of publications (65 publications) is occupied by the United States, and close collaborations with other countries are observed. In terms of publication institutions, the highest number of publications (nine publications) is held by the Second Military Medical University. The journal with the most publications (five publications) is the Journal of Trauma-Injury Infection and Critical Care. A pivotal role has been played by basic medical research in the development of this field. Concerning hotspots, the focus of the research core can be divided into three clusters (etiology, diagnosis and treatment; molecular, cells and mechanisms; physiology, and pathology). CONCLUSION: This marks the inaugural bibliometric analysis of lumbosacral plexus injuries, offering a comprehensive overview of current publications. Our findings illuminate future research directions, international collaborations, and interdisciplinary relationships. Future research will emphasize clinical treatment and mechanism research, with a focus on sacral nerve stimulation and nerve transplantation. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	N/A
Lin X.; Li X.; Liu H.; Boczkaj G.; Cao Y.; Wang C.	A review on carbon storage via mineral carbonation: Bibliometric analysis, research advances, challenges, and perspectives	2024	Separation and Purification Technology	10.1016/j.seppur.2024.126558	Mineral carbonation as a way of carbon storage has received a particular attention in the reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) emission. This work gives a comprehensive description of the research trends and hotspots in the field of mineral carbonation for carbon storage based on bibliometric analysis. A total of 1507 articles were collected from the Web of Science database from 2010 to 2022 and analyzed in details, using a Citepace and VOSviewer software. Keyword cluster analysis indicates that research on mineral carbonation mainly involves natural minerals, industrial wastes, and cement-based materials. Research advances on carbon storage via mineral carbonation are summarized from the aspects of magnesium-based feedstocks and calcium-based feedstocks. Direct aqueous carbonation and indirect carbonation are the most promising methods. Mining tailings and industrial wastes are promising feedstocks for mineral carbonation. The slow kinetics and low carbonation capacity of feedstocks are the main obstacles for industrial application. Finally, challenges and prospects in mineral carbonation are put forward, which is conducive to its rapid and balanced development. This work provides the basis for the future development of cheap, efficient, and green large-scale mineral carbonation processes for carbon storage. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Bibliometrics; Carbon capture and storage; Mineral carbonation; Solid wastes; Sustainable development
Arias-Cárdenas B.; Lacasta A.M.; Haurie L.	Bibliometric analysis of research on thermal, acoustic, and/or fire behaviour characteristics in bio-based building materials	2024	Construction and Building Materials	10.1016/j.conbuildmat.2024.136569	The use of bio-based building materials is a sustainable opportunity to reduce the environmental footprint associated with the construction sector. The achievement of this objective is primely achieved through the valorisation of vegetable waste, resulting in a reduction in the use of primary source material and waste generation. Within the scope of this study, the focus is directed towards research concerning the thermal, acoustic, and fire behaviour properties of bio-based building materials. This study conducts a comprehensive bibliometric analysis encompassing all documents meeting these criteria within the Scopus database, spanning two decades, from 2003 to 2023. The comprehensive analysis covered a total of 1081 documents, which were analysed. This analysis furnishes insight into various facets, including the temporal evolution of publications, journals boasting the highest publication counts and impact, influential research areas, countries with substantial contributions and their collaborative patterns, noteworthy affiliations, prolific authors, and seminal documents, alongside recurrent keywords. The objective of this comprehensive study is to provide a detailed analysis of the documents published up to the present day, in order to identify research gaps and potential opportunities in this field, to assist new researchers interested in the subject. The analysis reveals that bio-based building materials have gained substantial attention over the past decade. With each passing year, the published documents have increased their impact and become more specific, underscoring the growing importance of this subject. This evolution has also fostered a broader network of researchers engaged in this field. However, it is noteworthy that the characterization of these materials focuses predominantly on their thermal properties, while research avenues related to acoustic and fire properties remain less explored and present opportunities for future investigation. © 2024 The Authors	Acoustic absorption; Acoustic properties; Bibliometric; Bio-based materials; Building materials; Construction materials; Fire Behaviour; Thermal conductivity; Thermal insulation
Chang Y.-W.; Li I.-J.	Influence of Dervin’s sensemaking methodology determined through citation context analysis, content analysis and bibliometrics	2024	Journal of Documentation	10.1108/JD-09-2023-0185	Purpose: This study explored the influence of Dervin’s sensemaking methodology (SMM). Design/methodology/approach: Citation context analysis was used to identify the most influential SMM concepts in 948 articles citing 34 SMM-related studies by Dervin that were published between 1983 and 2017. Moreover, the bibliometric method and content analysis were incorporated to examine the disciplines and research topics influenced by the SMM-related studies and the role of cited content in SMM-related studies. Findings: The influence of SMM is concentrated in information behavior research in the field of library and information science (LIS). The 1992 book chapter From the mind’s eye of the user was most frequently cited, followed by the first SMM study from 1983; 14 of the 18 content categories were relevant to SMM. “Sensemaking,” at the core of SMM, was the most influential cited concept, primarily cited from the 1983 SMM-related study. Although the SMM was developed as a research method, it has not been primarily applied to design research methods in other studies. Originality/value: This study explored the interdisciplinary influence of Dervin’s SMM from several aspects and demonstrated the complex information dynamics between SMM-related works and citing articles. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Citation context; Content analysis; Information behavior; Research influence; Sensemaking methodology
Bornmann L.; Wohlrabe K.	Recent temporal dynamics in economics: empirical analyses of annual publications in economic fields	2024	Journal of Documentation	10.1108/JD-10-2023-0201	Purpose: Differences in annual publication counts may reflect the dynamic of scientific progress. Declining annual numbers of publications may be interpreted as missing progress in field-specific knowledge. Design/methodology/approach: In this paper, we present empirical results on dynamics of progress in economic fields (defined by Journal of Economic Literature (JEL), codes) based on a methodological approach introduced by Bornmann and Haunschild (2022). We focused on publications that have been published between 2012 and 2021 and identified those fields in economics with the highest dynamics (largest rates of change in paper counts). Findings: We found that the field with the largest paper output across the years is “Economic Development”. The results reveal that the field-specific rates of changes are mostly similar. However, the two fields “Production and Organizations” and “Health” show point estimators which are clearly higher than the estimators for the other fields. We investigated the publications in “Production and Organizations” and “Health” in more detail. Originality/value: Understanding how a discipline evolves over time is interesting both from a historical and a recent perspective. This study presents results on the dynamics in economic fields using a new methodological approach. © 2024, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Dynamics of research fields; Economy; JEL code; Scientometrics
Wu Z.; Chen S.; Wang Y.; Li F.; Xu H.; Li M.; Zeng Y.; Wu Z.; Gao Y.	Current perspectives and trend of computer-aided drug design: a review and bibliometric analysis	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001289	AIM: Computer-aided drug design (CADD) is a drug design technique for computing ligand-receptor interactions and is involved in various stages of drug development. To better grasp the frontiers and hotspots of CADD, we conducted a review analysis through bibliometrics. METHODS: A systematic review of studies published between 2000 and 20 July 2023 was conducted following the PRISMA guidelines. Literature on CADD was selected from the Web of Science Core Collection. General information, publications, output trends, countries/regions, institutions, journals, keywords, and influential authors were visually analyzed using software such as Excel, VOSviewer, RStudio, and CiteSpace. RESULTS: A total of 2031 publications were included. These publications primarily originated from 99 countries or regions led by the U.S. and China. Among the contributors, MacKerell AD had the highest number of articles and the greatest influence. The Journal of Medicinal Chemistry was the most cited journal, whereas the Journal of Chemical Information and Modeling had the highest number of publications. CONCLUSIONS: Influential authors in the field were identified. Current research shows active collaboration between countries, institutions, and companies. CADD technologies such as homology modeling, pharmacophore modeling, quantitative conformational relationships, molecular docking, molecular dynamics simulation, binding free energy prediction, and high-throughput virtual screening can effectively improve the efficiency of new drug discovery. Artificial intelligence-assisted drug design and screening based on CADD represent key topics that will influence future development. Furthermore, this paper will be helpful in better understanding the frontiers and hotspots of CADD. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	N/A
Chen C.; Zheng X.; Chen W.; Mu H.; Zhang M.; Lang H.; Hu X.	Global research trends in nursing leadership from 1985 to 2022: a bibliometric analysis	2024	Leadership in Health Services	10.1108/LHS-09-2023-0074	Purpose: Developing nursing leadership has become a key policy priority to achieve universal health coverage. This study aims to explore the current status, developing trends and research frontiers in the field of nursing leadership. Design/methodology/approach: In total, 1,137 articles and reviews on nursing leadership from 1985 to 2022 were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection database. Trends of publications, journals, countries/regions, institutions, documents and keywords were visualized and analyzed using Microsoft Excel and CiteSpace software. Findings: Nursing leadership research showed an overall increase in number despite slight fluctuations in annual publications. The USA was the leading country in nursing leadership research, and the University of Alberta was the most productive institution. The Journal of Nursing Management was the most widely published journal that focused on nursing leadership, followed by the Journal of Nursing Administration. Keyword analysis showed that the main research hotspots of nursing leadership are improvement, practice and impact of nursing leadership. Originality/value: This article summarizes the current state and frontiers of nursing leadership for researchers, managers and policy makers, as well as follow-up, development and implementation of nursing leadership. More research is needed that focuses on the improvement, practice and impact of nursing leadership, which are cyclical, complementary and mutually reinforcing. Longitudinal and intervention studies of nursing leadership, especially on patient prognosis, are also particularly needed. © 2024, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometric; CiteSpace; Health leadership competencies; Hospitals; Leadership; Nurses; Nursing leadership; Web of Science
Li D.; Hu Y.; Kang M.; Fang C.; Gan Y.; Yang X.; Peng F.; Li B.; Wu J.; Su S.	A bibliometric analysis of indocyanine green (ICG) in hepatobiliary surgery from 2008 to 2021	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e31989	Hundreds of scientific documents have reported on the application of indocyanine green (ICG) in hepatobiliary surgery in the past 13 years, but few bibliometric studies have been conducted. This study aimed to identify the situations of authors, countries/regions, institutions, journals, and hot topics in this field. The overall status and prospects of the current research in this field can be elucidated by bibliometric analysis. Publications from 2008 to 2021 were retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection. The search terms included “liver,” “hepatic,” “gallbladder,” “bile duct,” “surgery,” “hepatectomy,” “ICG,” “indocyanine green,” and related synonyms. The full records of the search results were exported in text, and the cooperation network and hot topics were evaluated and visualized using CiteSpace software. The number of publications increased between 2008 and 2021. A total of 1527 publications were included in the results, and the frequency of citations was 30,742. The largest proportion of the publications emanated from Japan, and the majority of the papers were published by Kokudo. Tian Jie contributed the largest number of papers in China. Research was relatively concentrated among one country/region. The latest hotspots, “preservation” and “resistance”, frequently occurred. Cooperation between authors, countries, and institutions needs to be strengthened for high-quality research. Recent studies have focused on hepatectomy, bile duct resection, liver transplantation, and tumors in this field. Future research may focus on other aspects, such as liver preservation and resistance. © 2024	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Hepatobiliary surgery; Indocyanine green; Visual analysis
Oura P.; Hakkarainen A.; Sajantila A.	Forensic neuropathology in the past decade: a scoping literature review	2024	Forensic Science, Medicine, and Pathology	10.1007/s12024-023-00672-9	While there has been notable research activity in the field of clinical neuropathology over the recent years, forensic approaches have been less frequent. This scoping literature review explored original research on forensic neuropathology over the past decade (January 1, 2010, until February 12, 2022) using the MEDLINE database. The aims were to (1) analyze the volume of research on the topic, (2) describe meta-level attributes and sample characteristics, and (3) summarize key research themes and methods. Of 5053 initial hits, 2864 fell within the target timeframe, and 122 were included in the review. Only 3–17 articles were published per year globally. Most articles originated from the Europe (39.3%) and Asia (36.1%) and were published in forensic journals (57.4%). A median sample included 57 subjects aged between 16 and 80 years. The most common research theme was traumatic intracranial injury (24.6%), followed by anatomy (12.3%) and substance abuse (11.5%). Key methods included immunotechniques (31.1%) and macroscopic observation (21.3%). Although a number of novel findings were reported, most were of preliminary nature and will require further validation. In order to reach breakthroughs and validate novel tools for routine use, more research input is urged from researchers across the world. It would be necessary to ensure appropriate sample sizes and make use of control groups. © The Author(s) 2023.	Forensic; Literature search; Medico-legal; Meta-level attribute; Methodology; Neuropathology; Research theme; Sample characteristics
Liang M.; Zhang J.; Li G.; Wang P.	Global research progress on radiofrequency ablation in cardiology: A bibliometric analysis (2004-2023)	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038498	"In recent years, significant advancements in radiofrequency ablation technology have notably enhanced arrhythmia treatment in cardiology. Technological advancements and increasing clinical adoption have made radiofrequency ablation a key therapy in improving life quality for patients with conditions like atrial fibrillation (AF). Consequently, there has been a marked increase in research output, underscoring the technology's significance and its potential in cardiology. Aims to comprehensively analyze cardiology's radiofrequency ablation research trends, identifying leading countries and institutions in international collaborations, key researchers' contributions, and evolving research hotspots. The study, based on the Web of Science Core Collection database, reviewed the literatures from 2004 to 2023. CiteSpace 6.2.R7 Basic was used for bibliometric analysis, which examined annual publication trends, international collaboration networks, key authors, leading research institutions, major journals, keyword co-occurrence and clustering trends. Analyzing 3423 relevant articles, this study reveals a consistent growth in cardiology radiofrequency ablation research since 2004. The analysis shows that the United States, Germany, and France hold central roles in the international collaboration network, with leading authors from premier US and European institutions. Keyword cluster analysis identifies ""atrial flutter"" and ""ventricular tachycardia"" as current research focal points. Cardiology radiofrequency ablation research shows a growth trend, led by the United States and European countries. Research hotspots are concentrated on the diverse applications of radiofrequency ablation technology and the treatment of AF. Future studies may increasingly focus on technological innovation and the deepening of clinical applications. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	bibliometric; cardiology; global; hotspots; radiofrequency ablation
Xie N.; Xie H.; Li W.; Wang X.; Tang W.	A bibliometric analysis of enhanced recovery after surgery in pediatric surgery; [儿外科领域加速康复外科研究的文献计量学分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of Pediatric Surgery	10.3760/cma.j.cn421158-20230903-00321	Objective To explore the research status， hotspots and frontiers of enhanced recovery after surgery（ERAS）in pediatric surgery and provide future references for clinical practices. Methods From January 1997 to December 2022，the relevant studies were retrieved from the database of Web of Science Core Collection. VOSviewer and CiteSpace software suites were employed for visual scientometric analysis. The number of papers，main research strength，main research topics and leading fronts in this field were comprehensively examined. Results A total of 137 articles were retrieved. The literatures related to ERAS in children spiked sharply after 2017. And a total of 36 papers were published in 2022. The author of the highest published articles was Kurt F. Heiss from Emory University in U. S. The institutions of the highest number of publications were Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta and Emory University in U. S. The total number of publications in the United States ranked first，China ranked second and journal with the highest number of publications was Journal of Pediatric Surgery. Keyword co-occurrence analysis revealed 5 hot topics of measures implementation and guideline development related to colorectal surgery，strategies of perioperative management of appendicitis，pain managements and clinical pathways of different diseases and surgeries，multidisciplinary researches of anesthesia，analgesia and nutrition and influencing factors of postoperative complications. And keyword burstiness analysis indicated that the emergent words were pain management and protocol in 2022. Conclusions Researches of ERAS in pediatric surgery have gradually expanded in recent years. Perioperative anesthesia，analgesia，nutritional management and influencing factors of postoperative complications are important research topics in ERAS in children. Pain management and design and implementation of protocols are subjects of popular interests and research frontiers. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Enhanced recovery after surgery; Nutrition; Pain management; Pediatric surgery
Kazimierowicz J.; Dębowski M.; Zieliński M.; Ignaciuk A.; Mlonek S.; Cruz Sanchez J.	The Biosynthesis of Liquid Fuels and Other Value-Added Products Based on Waste Glycerol—A Comprehensive Review and Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Energies 	10.3390/en17123035	Waste glycerol can be subjected to various processing operations, including purification and refining, to obtain glycerol of an appropriate purity. Alternative methods for utilising waste glycerol are also being sought, e.g., by converting it into other valuable chemical products or biofuels. Therefore, various technologies are being developed to ensure effective and sustainable utilisation of this type of waste. The production of value-added products from waste glycerol strongly determines the improvement of the economic viability of biofuel production and corresponds to the model of a waste-free and emission-free circular economy. This paper characterises the mechanisms and evaluates the efficiency of existing methods for microbiological utilisation of waste glycerol into liquid biofuels, including biodiesel, bioethanol and biobutanol, and identifies further production avenues of value-added products. In addition, it presents the results of a bibliographical analysis of publications related to the production of liquid fuels and economically valuable products from glycerol, assesses the progress of research and application work and, finally, identifies areas for future research. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliographic analysis; glycerol for liquid fuels; glycerol for value-added products; valorisation of glycerol; waste glycerol
Yang X.; Liu Q.	Research Foundation and Hotspot Analysis of Urban Road Ecology—A Bibliometric Study Based on CiteSpace	2024	Sustainability (Switzerland) 	10.3390/su16125135	Urban road ecology focuses on the reciprocal interactions between urban road construction and the ecological environment, aiming to provide valuable insights into sustainable urban road construction. The study of road ecology has established a comprehensive research framework since the early 20th century, with urban road ecology emerging as its sub-discipline that emphasizes the strategic planning of urban roads and the internal dynamics within urban ecosystems. In order to demonstrate the broader research focus and development prospects of urban road ecology, as well as to explore its distinguishing features compared to traditional road ecology, this study conducted a bibliometric analysis of urban road ecology using CiteSpace software version 6.2.R7 based on the Web of Science (WOS) database for the literature in the last 30 years. The analysis reflected the current state of research in this field across three dimensions: collaborative analysis, co-citation analysis, and keyword analysis. The results of the study revealed a scarcity of key terms and publications between 1993 and 2010, followed by an exponential surge in research activities after 2010. However, both collaborative and keyword analyses indicate a lack of long-term, in-depth research in this area, highlighting the absence of a unified system. On this basis, this paper presents three expectations for future research and briefly discusses the limitations of this study. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; development planning; road ecology
Agyekum E.B.; Odoi-Yorke F.; Abbey A.A.; Ayetor G.K.	A review of the trends, evolution, and future research prospects of hydrogen fuel cells – A focus on vehicles	2024	International Journal of Hydrogen Energy	10.1016/j.ijhydene.2024.05.480	This study assessed the most pertinent themes connected to hydrogen fuel cells and vehicles through a bibliometric analysis to thoroughly understand hydrogen fuel cell and vehicle technologies and comprehend the focus of current and future research directions. This study chose the Scopus database, which is considered the largest database containing pertinent documents for bibliometric analysis. A total of 3107 relevant documents were retrieved between the period of 2003 and 2023 and analyzed using visualization tools like the Biblioshiny package in R and the VOSviewer software. According to the analyses, the study involved 724 authors, 15% international co-authorship, 3.74 global co-authors per document, 5463 keywords, and 21.24 citations per document. Research trends related to deploying and optimizing various technologies, such as hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, refueling stations, and machine learning for energy management, are the most evident themes in the most recent 2022–2023 period. The study identified some research gaps on the topic and recommended them as future research potentials. © 2024 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC	Bibliometric analysis; Electric vehicles; Energy management systems; Hydrogen economy; Hydrogen fuel cells
Wu K.; Ren F.; Zhou L.; Xing Y.; Zhang Q.; Chen H.	A Bibliometric Analysis of the Gene Delivery Systems for Lung Cancer from 2010 to 2022	2024	Pharmaceutical Fronts	10.1055/s-0044-1786042	The gene delivery systems (GDS) for lung cancer (LC) has made significant progress over the past 12 years, yet, there is a great challenge in its clinical application due to low delivery efficiency. This study aims to explore research fields related to gene therapy for LC and predict future directions from a bibliometric perspective. The Web of Science Core Collection collects articles and reviews on GDS for LC published from 2010 to 2022. Comprehensive bibliometric and visual analyses were performed using CiteSpace, VOSviewer, R-Bibliometrix, and Microsoft Excel. The analysis showed that the number of publications on GDS for LC has been increasing over the past 12 years, highlighting the growing interest and research efforts in this area. A rigorous examination of keywords and research hotspots revealed that the themes such as complex, transfection, RNA interference, extracellular vesicle, co-deliver, resistance, etc. dominate the field of GDS for LC. These findings indicated that the research in GDS for LC is evolving, with a noticeable shift toward addressing challenges related to delivery efficiency, transfection methods, and overcoming resistance mechanisms in gene therapy. The comprehensive study provides an overview of the literature on GDS for LC and identifies areas that require further exploration and development. By highlighting emerging research hotspots, our bibliometric analysis offers valuable insights to scholars and researchers, aiding in the identification of gaps, and guiding future efforts toward the development of GDS with more efficiency for LC therapy.  © 2024. The Author(s).	Bibliometric analysis; gene delivery system; lung cancer
Trincanato E.; Vagnoni E.	Business intelligence and the leverage of information in healthcare organizations from a managerial perspective: a systematic literature review and research agenda	2024	Journal of Health Organization and Management	10.1108/JHOM-02-2023-0039	Purpose: Business intelligence (BI) systems and tools are deemed to be a transformative source with the potential to contribute to reshaping the way different healthcare organizations’ (HCOs) services are offered and managed. However, this emerging field of research still appears underdeveloped and fragmented. Hence, this paper aims to reconciling, analyzing and synthesizing different strands of managerial-oriented literature on BI in HCOs and to enhance both theoretical and applied future contributions. Design/methodology/approach: A literature-based framework was developed to establish and guide a three-stage state-of-the-art systematic literature review (SLR). The SLR was undertaken adopting a hybrid methodology that combines a bibliometric and a content analysis. Findings: In total, 34 peer-review articles were included. Results revealed significant heterogeneity in theoretical basis and methodological strategies. Nonetheless, the knowledge structure of this research’s stream seems to be primarily composed of five clusters of interconnected topics: (1) decision-making, relevant capabilities and value creation; (2) user satisfaction and quality; (3) process management, organizational change and financial effectiveness; (4) decision-support information, dashboard and key performance indicators; and (5) performance management and organizational effectiveness. Originality/value: To the authors’ knowledge, this is the first SLR providing a business and management-related state-of-the-art on the topic. Besides, the paper offers an original framework disentangling future research directions from each emerged cluster into issues pertaining to BI implementation, utilization and impact in HCOs. The paper also discusses the need of future contributions to explore possible integrations of BI with emerging data-driven technologies (e.g. artificial intelligence) in HCOs, as the role of BI in addressing sustainability challenges. © 2024, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Business intelligence; Decision making; Health management; Healthcare organization; Information; Systematic literature review
Urdaneta J.R.; Arriagada S.B.; Tiznado-Matzner G.; Aravena P.C.; Cabezas X.	Dr. Hugo Ariel Hernández-Parada: Bibliometric Analysis of his Work and Legacy for Chilean Anatomy; [Dr. Hugo Ariel Hernández-Parada: Análisis Bibliométrico de su Obra y Legado para la Anatomía Chilena]	2024	International Journal of Morphology	10.4067/s0717-95022024000300787	This documentary research via bibliometric design, aims to characterize the scientific contribution of Dr. Hugo Ariel Hernández-Parada, the founder of the current Institute of Anatomy, Histology and Pathology of the Universidad Austral de Chile (UACh). An electronic search was carried out in six databases, 42 studies (41 articles and 1 thesis) were identified. Their bibliometric analysis determined that the work of these research studies in the field of Human Anatomy was focused on the study of the Autonomous Nervous System, followed by the Peripheral Nervous System, Myology and Anatomy of the head and neck. Most of his works were carried out on human samples (fetuses), published in Spanish in Chilean science journals, and as the main author in 41 of the 42 records found. Through this research, it is intended to remember and offer tribute to this outstanding anatomist, whose work contributed to the development and diffusion of human anatomy in Chile. © 2024, Universidad de la Frontera. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; History of Anatomy; Human Anatomy
Zhang H.; Cao Y.	A bibliometric analysis of myocardial bridge combined with myocardial infarction	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038420	"Background: The aim of this study is to analyze the process and frontiers of research in myocardial bridges (MB) to identify future research directions in the last 3 decades. Methods: Relevant literature on MB combined with myocardial infarction (MI) was searched from 1991 to 2023 in the Web of Science database, and was analyzed by bibliometric analysis using VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and the R package ""bibliometrix."" Results: A total of 1233 English articles were included in this study. The number of published articles showed an increasing trend yearly. From 2017 to 2022, the annual publication volume rose rapidly, and in 2021 the publication volume even reached 95 articles, which was the highest in all years. These publications were from 68 countries and 1854 institutions, with the leading country being the U.S. and the leading institution being Columbia University. Myoho Clinical International has a close collaborative relationship with Columbia University, while in recent years, the Harvard Medical School has explored the study of MB combined with MI. Annals of Thoracic Surgery was the journal with the highest number of publications, and Takayama Hiroo and Naka Yoshifumi were the authors with the highest number of publications. The most common keywords were MI, cardiogenic shock, and MB. Conclusions: Our findings can help researchers explore the current status of MB combined with MI research and choose new survey routes for upcoming studies. Prevalence and prognosis, mechanism of MB combined with MI and molecular mechanism may become the focus of future research. In addition, more research and cooperation are needed worldwide. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved."	bibliometrics; myocardial bridges; myocardial infarction; visual analysis; Web of Science
Kong P.-R.; Han K.-T.	Psychological and physiological effects of soundscapes: A systematic review	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.172197	The aim of this systematic review was to conduct a comprehensive and rigorous investigation of both psychological and physiological responses to, and audio-visual interactions with, soundscapes to present an overview of the current status and to provide suggestions for future research. Our literature search focused on empirical and quantitative studies of journal articles and gray literature in English and Chinese. This systematic review excluded literature related to pure music, religious sounds, humanistic sounds, historical sounds, medical research, and differences in materials used. The Joanna Briggs Institute's Checklist for Randomized Controlled Trials was used to assess the risk of bias in the included studies. Twenty-five studies were included, involving 1950 participants. The major findings of this systematic review were that: (1) there were significant associations between the psychological and physiological responses; (2) the audio-visual interaction affected the psychological and physiological responses; and (3) because of the high risk of bias of the included studies, interpretation of their findings should be cautious. Nevertheless, given that this systematic review has a higher level of evidence than a single study and the synthesized evidence identified in this review is aligned with the results of other studies, the studies reviewed herein together provide consistent evidence. Replications are important in empirical research to build trustworthy results. Future research should focus on the psychological responses of pleasantness, preference, tranquility, the eight semantic dimensions (ISO 12913-2:2018), and the 11 pairs of adjectives describing the soundscape (Ba et al., 2023) and the physiological responses of heart rate variability and salivary, and follow the CONSORT guidelines to improve the research quality. An integration of sensory modalities, environmental factors, contextual indicators, temporal data, demographic variables, socio-cultural factors, and psychological and physiological responses may provide deeper insights into how people experience and understand the acoustic environment in context. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Audio-visual interaction; Bibliometrics; Evidence level; Health/well-being; Psychophysiology; Synthesized evidence
Xu D.; Wang Y.; Wang J.	A review of social-ecological system vulnerability in desertified regions: Assessment, simulation, and sustainable management	2024	Science of the Total Environment	10.1016/j.scitotenv.2024.172604	Desertified regions face considerable vulnerability due to the combined effects of climate change and human activities, which threaten regional ecological security and societal development. It is therefore necessary to assess, simulate, and manage the vulnerability of desertified regions from the perspective of the social-ecological system, to support desertification control and sustainable development. This study is a systematic review of the vulnerability of the social-ecological system in desertified regions (SESDR) based on a bibliometric analysis, and a summary of the research progresses in vulnerability assessment, simulation, and sustainable management is provided. It was found that SESDR vulnerability research started relatively late, but has developed rapidly in recent years, with an emphasis on the coupling between natural systems and human activities, and multi-scale interactions and dynamics. Using various indicators at different scales, SESDR vulnerability could be assessed in terms of exposure, sensitivity, and adaptability. Modeling the complex interactions among natural and human factors across multiple scales is essential to simulate the vulnerability dynamics of the SESDR. The sustainable management of SESDR vulnerability focuses on rational spatial planning to achieve the maximum benefits, with the right measures in the right places. Four priority research directions were proposed to develop a better understanding of the mechanisms of vulnerability and smart restoration of desertified land. The findings of this study will enable researchers, land managers, and policymakers to develop a more comprehensive understanding of SESDR vulnerability, thereby enabling them to better address the challenges posed by complex resource and environmental issues. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Desertified region; Multi-scale; Social-ecological system; Sustainable management; Vulnerability
Yang L.; Guo Q.; Zhang L.	AI-assisted chemistry research: a comprehensive analysis of evolutionary paths and hotspots through knowledge graphs	2024	Chemical Communications	10.1039/d4cc01892c	Artificial intelligence (AI) offers transformative potential for chemical research through its ability to optimize reactions and processes, enhance energy efficiency, and reduce waste. AI-assisted chemical research (AI + chem) has become a global hotspot. To better understand the current research status of “AI + chem”, this study conducted a scientific bibliometric investigation using CiteSpace. The web of science core collection was utilized to retrieve original articles related to “AI + chem” published from 2000 to 2024. The obtained data allowed for the visualization of the knowledge background, current research status, and latest knowledge structure of “AI + chem”. The “AI + chem” has entered a stage of explosive growth, and the number of papers will maintain long-term high-speed growth. This article systematically analyzes the latest progress in “AI + chem” and objectively predicts future trends, including molecular design, reaction prediction, materials design, drug design, and quantum chemistry. The outcomes of this study will provide readers with a comprehensive understanding of the overall landscape of “AI + chem”. © 2024 The Royal Society of Chemistry.	N/A
Gong Q.; Kong Y.; Yu T.; Yu R.; Zuo Y.	Analysis of hot topics in emergency science popularization based on bibliometrics; [基于文献计量学的急诊急救科普的热点主题分析]	2024	Journal of Chinese Physician	10.3760/cma.j.cn431274-20231206-00649	"Objective To analyze the hot topics related to emergency emergency science popularization in China from 2001 to 2023, present the research trends, current situation, and hotspots in this field, and provide reference for emergency science popularization research. Methods Using China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang Database, and VIP Journal as Chinese data sources, and WOS and PubMed as English data sources, relevant literature from January 2001 to December 2023 was searched. EndNote software was used as the literature management and deduplication tool, and Citespace software was used as the analysis tool to visually analyze the publication volume, authors, institutions, journals, and keywords of the included literature. Results A total of 498 articles were included, all of which were journal articles; The annual publication volume continues to increase, with a slight decrease in 2023; The 19 core authors calculated by Price′s law accounted for 10.04%(50/498) of the total number of publications, which did not meet the half standard; The magazine with the highest number of publications is the Chinese Journal of Emergency Recovery and Disaster Medicine; The institution with the highest number of publications is the First Affiliated Hospital of the General Hospital of the People′s Liberation Army; Cardiopulmonary resuscitation, Emergency knowledge, Self rescue and Mutual aid, College students, and Science popularization bases are currently the five major research hotspots in this field. Conclusions The popularization of emergency science in China focuses on "" emergency knowledge"" and "" dissemination"", showing a good development trend. In the future, it is necessary to strengthen cooperation between authors and institutions, improve academic influence, and continue to increase the efforts of science popularization. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved."	Bibliometrics; Emergency; First aid; Science popularization
Li C.; Lai Y.; Chen S.; Ma M.; Zhou Y.; Han Y.; Feng H.; Zheng Y.	Analysis of the key generic technologies for the utilization of maize stovers based on bibliometrics; [基于文献计量学的玉米秸秆利用及关键共性技术分析]	2024	Nongye Gongcheng Xuebao/Transactions of the Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering	10.11975/j.issn.1002-6819.202402034	This study aims to promote the full-value utilization of corn stover. Data sources were selected as the China Knowledge Infrastructure database and the Web of Science. Visualization software was used to draw knowledge graphs in the field of corn stover use. The current status of research and trends were summarized to analyze the key generic technologies of corn stover use. Two stages were divided in the utilization of corn stoves: 1990-2007 and 2008-2022. In the latter stage, the research system of corn stover use was gradually formed using fertilizer and feed that was supplemented by fuel. A literature review found that the research on corn stover use roughly experienced three phases of hot spot migration, each of which lasted about 10 years. The research was focused mainly on stover returning during the period 1990-2000; The focus of the research was straw returning to the field, straw energy, and feed use during the period 2001-2010; The utilization of corn stover was diversified to gradually form during the period 2011-2022. The utilization of corn stover was achieved mainly in the fields of stover returning and biomass energy production. According to the knowledge graph, the hot directions of corn stover use included biomass energy production, land improvement and protection, animal husbandry development, and feed production. Finally, the knowledge engineering and induction show that there were still some bottlenecks in the technology of corn stover use, such as delayed collection and transportation, low quality of returning, immature technology of stover feed, high cost, and low added value of energy technology. Driven by the important national demand for the utilization of agricultural waste resources, 13 key generic technologies were summarized for the full-value utilization of corn stover, including intelligent control and management of agricultural machinery and equipment, digital agriculture, high-quality field-returning, field-returning under the local conditions, sealed storage, high-yield cellulose strain of screening, selection, and breeding of efficient microbial strains for lignin degradation, strain matching and enzyme application, high-efficiency biomass energy conversion, stover cellulose to ethanol, lignocellulosic sugar, stover cultivation substrate preparation, and bio-based material manufacturing. © 2024 Chinese Society of Agricultural Engineering. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; CNKI; key generic technologies; stover; utilization; Web of Science
De Felice F.; Cattaneo C.G.; Marano L.	Reply to 'Commentary on: Mapping the landscape of immunonutrition and cancer research: a comprehensive bibliometric analysis on behalf of NutriOnc Research Group (Int J Surg 2023, Epub ahead of print)'	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001300	[No abstract available]	N/A
Feng X.; Liu Y.; Wang X.	Analysis of interdisciplinary characteristics and knowledge structure from multidimensional perspective: a case study of national fitness topic in China	2024	Library Hi Tech	10.1108/LHT-06-2021-0189	Purpose: The sudden COVID-19 epidemic in 2019 has frustrated China's overall economy, and the implementation and development of the National Fitness Program has encountered huge obstacles. At a new historical starting point, in order to realize the dream of becoming a powerful country in sports, it is necessary to transform the successful experience gained since the reform and opening up into regular understanding and systematic theories, so as to make a theoretical response to the new contradictions and challenges faced in development and give full play to the National Fitness has comprehensive values and multiple functions in improving people's health, promoting people's all-round development, promoting economic and social development and demonstrating the country's cultural soft power. Design/methodology/approach: Taking the topic of national fitness as an example, this paper sets out from the three dimensions of knowledge input, knowledge output and knowledge production, using citation analysis, social network analysis, co-word analysis and cluster analysis, to measure the characteristics and knowledge structure of interdisciplinary knowledge exchange. Findings: China's national fitness is still in the primary development stage, and the strong boost of the national top-level policy is the biggest driving force of its development, driven by the policy together with the settlement of many major events, constantly improving and enriching the wings. The main body of knowledge production on the topic of national fitness is mainly colleges and universities, with low participation of government and enterprises, high degree of cooperation among authors, obvious interdisciplinary characteristics and strong application of research themes. Originality/value: This study provides a strong theoretical basis for the promotion of the Healthy China strategy. Especially under the influence of COVID-19, this paper can contribute to the comprehensive value and multimodal functions of national fitness in improving the health of people, promoting economic and social development and demonstrating the soft power of national culture. © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Interdisciplinary characteristics; Knowledge structure; National fitness
Vazin F.; Chan D.W.M.; Hanaee T.; Sarvari H.	Nature-Based Solutions and Climate Resilience: A Bibliographic Perspective through Science Mapping Analysis	2024	Buildings	10.3390/buildings14061492	Currently, urban areas are confronting considerable challenges stemming from climate change. These challenges possess the potential to have profound implications for the well-being of residents, their means of making a living, and their own assets. Consequently, it is imperative to identify effective solutions that mitigate these effects on the urban environment. Nature-based solutions (NBSs), involving the utilization of natural resources and ecosystem services to alleviate the effects of climate change, have the potential of enhancing our capacity to develop cities that are more resistant to these challenges. To this end, this paper aims to extract some bibliographic data from available research articles on NBSs and climate resilience sought from the common search engines of Scopus, Web of Science, and Lens Base, and then the RStudio version 2022.12.00+353, VoSviewer version 1.6.20, and Biblioshiny-Bibliometrics version 2017 software tools were adopted to collate and analyze the literature data through science mapping analysis. In doing so, it was advocated that these two topics have not been extensively studied in their relationship to each other and that there is a large extent of existing knowledge gaps, the filling of which can foster the development of these ideas and thus help develop our cities in combating against climate change. Exploring the effectiveness of NBSs in boosting climate resilience is a critical research gap. More empirical studies are envisaged to assess the scalability and transferability of those effective NBSs in various regions or countries. Another research gap exists in comprehending the long-term effects on ecosystem services and community welfare. Research on socio-economic advantages, trade-offs, and unintended outcomes is essential for making well-informed decisions when applying various NBSs worldwide. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliographic review; climate change; climate resilience; nature-based solutions (NBSs); science mapping analysis
Lu J.; Zhang N.; Yang F.; Gao Y.; Ren Y.; Ma D.	A bibliometric analysis from 2013 to 2024 reveals research hotspots and trends in the connection between atrial fibrillation and cryoballoon An observational study	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038435	Using bibliometric analysis, this study attempted to provide an overview of the current state of research and key findings regarding the relationship between atrial fibrillation (AF) and cryoballoons in general. We gathered the literature from the Web of Science (WOS) database covering the last 11 years (2013–2024) pertaining to AF and cryoballoons, and we used Citespace to evaluate the mapping of knowledge. The findings demonstrated that there were 1986 articles concerning AF and cryoballoons, with a faster growth after 2018. The United States, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, and Chierchia, Gian-Battista are the nation, organization, and writer with the highest number of publications. Kuck KH (2016) is the most frequently mentioned reference as well (488). We know that Vrije Universiteit Brusse in the Belgium has emerged as 1 of this discipline’s leading research forces based on a 10-year bibliometric investigation. Prominent universities and developed nations form the finest alliances for research on cryoballoons and AF. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	atrial fibrillation; bibliometric analysis; Citespace; cryoballoon; knowledge mapping
Yin S.; Jia J.; Xie Y.; Qu Y.; Zhao J.	Current research situation and trend analysis of carbonatite based on bibliometrics; [基于文献计量学的碳酸岩研究现状与趋势分析]	2024	Dizhi Xuebao/Acta Geologica Sinica	10.19762/j.cnki.dizhixuebao.2024041	Carbonatite, a magmatic rock enriched in carbonate minerals, holds significant economic and scientific importance. This study uses big data and visual analysis techniques, employing Python programming, VOSviewer, and CiteSpace software, to analyze thousands of Chinese and English publications on carbonatite research from the Web of Science (WOS) and the Chinese journal database of CNKI. Through bibliometric analysis, we explore publication trends, source countries, journals funding sources, institutions, and authors of Chinese and English papers related to carbonatite research. Based on the keywords in these publications, we delve into the current research landscape and future development trends in carbonatite research. Keyword and cluster analyses reveal four key research areas: petrogenesis and tectonic setting, magmatic source and evolution, mineralization and related deposits, and related hightemperature/ high-pressure experimental studies. Our findings suggest that these established research fields will continue to attract significant attention in the future. REE deposits and their mineralization remain a central focus of carbonatite research, with an emphasis on understanding rare earth element enrichment and fractionation mechanisms. Additionally, critical metal minerals associated with carbonatite, such as niobium, are gaining increased research emphasis. Advancements in experimental technology are expected to drive further breakthroughs in high-temperature/high-pressure experiments related to carbonatite. Furthermore, the link between carbonatite genesis and deep Earth carbon cycling is emerging as a hot research topic. The giant Bayan Obo Fe-Nb-REE deposit will continue to be a focal point for research, while interest in Oldoinyo Lengai in Tanzania, though declining slightly since 2015, remains significant. In China, domestic research continues to focus on the Qinling carbonatite belt, particularly the Huayangchuan uranium and Huanglongpu molybdenum deposits, and the Mianning-Dechang REE metallogenic belt, exemplified by the Cenozoic Maoniuping deposit. Carbonatite research is demonstrating ongoing expansion in both depth and breadth. Notably, the emergence of big data and artificial intelligence-driven research presents a significant new trend, signaling a promising future for advancements in carbonatite research. © 2024 Geological Society of China. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; carbonatite; current research situation; research trends; visualized analysis
Liu Z.; Liu Y.; Osmani M.	Integration of Smart City Technology and Business Model Innovation	2024	Sustainability (Switzerland) 	10.3390/su16125102	At present, the progress of business model stages supported by a variety of technology categories may unclear, and the integration of technology application and business model innovation (BMI) is hard due to operational practices in various industries and research areas, which block the view of the integration of smart city technology (SCT) and BMI for further development. Thus, this paper aims to explore the current research on the integration of SCT and BMI and identify the current research status and hotspots, assisting in indicating the status of these technologies in the business model stages in order to determine future trends, and adopts a mixed research methodology including a macro-quantitative method based on bibliometrics and a micro-qualitative method using content analysis. The results reveal a 17-year (2007 to 2023) integration of SCT and BMI enhanced by cloud computing, big data, Internet of Things, and artificial intelligence in recent years, with the most current studies focusing on the ideation and design stages of the business model stages with an emphasis on using digital capabilities to refine, formulate, and design the corresponding business model while defining the strategy through internal and external factors. Interestingly, Industry 4.0 and digital servitization are currently the key trends. © 2024 by the authors.	business model; Industry 4.0; innovation; life cycle; smart city; technology
Arnindita J.N.; Mahyuddin M.H.; Saputra P.B.T.; Putra R.M.	Identifying pulmonary embolism - high risk patients after total knee replacement: systematic review	2024	Journal of the Pakistan Medical Association	10.47391/JPMA.S6-ACSA-08	Objective: To determine the incidence, onset, risk factors and mortality of pulmonary embolism in total knee replacement patients. Method: The systematic review was conducted in September 2022, and comprised search on PubMed, ScienceDirect, Scopus and Crossref databases for studies published from 1977 till September 7, 2022, in the English language related to the incidence of pulmonary embolism after primary total knee replacement. Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions was used to assess risk of bias, and the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess the quality of evidence. Results: Of the 3,910 studies initially identified, 66(1.68%) were analysed in detail, which together had 13,258,455 total knee replacement patients. Pulmonary embolism was reported in 76,515(0.58%) cases. The onset of pulmonary embolism ranged 2-150 days post-surgery. Patients with older age, diabetes mellitus, higher body mass index, atrial fibrillation, previous venous thromboembolism, high Charlson Comorbidity Index score, hypertension, arrhythmia and chronic heart failure were at significantly higher risk (p<0.05). The overall mortality rate of pulmonary embolism in such cases ranged 10.53-100%. Conclusion: Pulmonary embolism is a rare complication after orthopaedic surgery, but it has a very high mortality rate. By recognising the risk factors, attending physicians can optimise the use of chemoprophylaxis, thus preventing pulmonary embolism. © 2024 Pakistan Medical Association. All rights reserved.	Arrhythmias; Bibliometrics; Cardiac; Comorbidity; Orthopaedic; Pulmonary; Venous thromboembolism
Lozada-Martinez I.D.; Diazgranados-Garcia M.C.; Castelblanco-Toro S.; Anaya J.-M.	Global Research on Centenarians: A Historical and Comprehensive Bibliometric Analysis from 1887 to 2023	2024	Annals of Geriatric Medicine and Research	10.4235/agmr.24.0043	Background: Centenarians are considered the most successful human biological aging model. However, the characteristics and patterns of research among centenarians have not been de-scribed or analyzed. Thus, this study aimed to disclose the historical landscape of global research on centenarians. Methods: This bibliometric study investigated historical evidence on centenarian research published in the Scopus database. The bibliometrix package in R was used to perform visual and quantitative analyses of research metrics, trends, and patterns. Results: Of the 2,061 documents included between 1887 and 2023, 84.2% (n=1,736) were published as articles with primary data. We identified international collaboration and annual growth rates of 21.4% and 3.15%, respectively. The United States published the highest number of papers on centenarians (n=786), whereas the publications from Italy had the highest impact (h-index of 90). Based on the frequency of keywords, mortality, genetics, dementia, Alzheimer’s disease, and immunosenes-cence are a few of the most studied topics among centenarians, with emerging research related to mitochondrial DNA and comparison of results between nonagenarians and centenarians. Italy, the United States, and China lead the global research collaboration network, collaborating most frequently with Japan and European countries. Conclusion: Global research on centenarians has grown over the last 20 years, primarily led by Italy, the United States, and China. Latin American and African countries have conducted little or no research on centenarians. The most widely studied topics include mortality, cognition, immunosenescence, and genetics. © 2024 by The Korean Geriatrics Society.	Aged; Bibliometrics; Centenarians; Longevity; Research
Wang J.; Li J.; Ji Y.	Mendelian randomization as a cornerstone of causal inference for gut microbiota and related diseases from the perspective of bibliometrics	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038654	"Gut microbiota, a special group of microbiotas in the human body, contributes to health in a way that can't be ignored. In recent years, Mendelian randomization, which is a widely used and successful method of analyzing causality, has been investigated for the relationship between the gut microbiota and related diseases. Unfortunately, there seems to be a shortage of systematic bibliometric analysis in this field. Therefore, this study aims to investigate the research progress of Mendelian randomization for gut microbiota through comprehensive bibliometric analysis. In this study, publications about Mendelian randomization for gut microbiota were gathered from 2013 to 2023, utilizing the Web of Science Core Collection as our literature source database. The search strategies were as follows: TS = (intestinal flora OR gut flora OR intestinal microflora OR gut microflora OR intestinal microbiota OR gut microbiota OR bowel microbiota OR bowel flora OR gut bacteria OR intestinal tract bacteria OR bowel bacteria OR gut metabolites OR gut microbiota) and TS = (Mendelian randomization). VOSviewer (version 1.6.18), CiteSpace (version 6.1.R1), Microsoft Excel 2021, and Scimago Graphica were employed for bibliometric and visualization analysis. According to research, from January 2013 to August 2023, 154 publications on Mendelian randomization for gut microbiota were written by 1053 authors hailing from 332 institutions across 31 countries and published in 86 journals. China had the highest number of publications, with 109. Frontiers in Microbiology is the most prolific journal, and Lei Zhang has published the highest number of significant articles. The most popular keywords were ""Mendelian randomization,""""gut microbiota,""""instruments,""""association,""""causality,""""gut microbiome,""""risk,""""bias,""""genome-wide association,""and ""causal relationship.""Moreover, the current research hotspots in this field focus on utilizing a 2-sample Mendelian randomization to investigate the relationship between gut microbiota and associated disorders. This research systematically reveals a comprehensive overview of the literature that has been published over the last 10 years about Mendelian randomization for gut microbiota. Moreover, the knowledge of key information in the field from a bibliometric perspective may greatly facilitate future research in the field.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc."	bibliometric analysis; causality; CiteSpace; gut microbiota; Mendelian randomization; VOSviewer
Alemi H.; Khavandgar N.; Oskouie I.M.; Mardani-Fard H.A.; Rostami T.; Aletaha A.; Peykari N.; Alikhani M.; Sajjadi-Jazi S.M.; Kasaeian A.; Djalalinia S.; Soltani A.	Global research trends on systemic lupus erythematosus and thyroid cancers (1964-2023): A scientometric and visualized study	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038511	"Over the past 3 decades numerous studies have reported an association between systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and thyroid cancers. However, there has been no scientometric analysis in this area of research. To perform a comprehensive scientometric analysis of the global literature published on the association between SLE and thyroid cancers. The data on publications within thyroid cancers in SLE patients were retrieved from the Scopus database using a defined search strategy from its first publication in 1964 to 2023. To conduct a collaboration mapping analysis among keywords, authors, journals, and territories, VOSviewer was utilized. Our final research resulted in 246 scientific publications with 8072 citations, which were published in 198 journals affiliated to 48 countries. A global upward trend has been observed in the last 20 years, with the highest number of publications in the year 2022 (n = 28; 11.4%). The United States led the global productivity ranking with 74 publications (30.1%), followed by China with 25 publications (10.2%). The most popular journals in this field were ""Arthritis Research and Therapy""and ""Frontiers in Endocrinology,""while the most co-cited journal was ""Autoimmunity Reviews.""The top 3 most prolific authors were Bernatsky, S., Clarke, A.E., and Ramsey-Goldman, R with 9 publications each. This first scientometric study comprehensively offered an overview of the status of thyroid cancers in SLE patients, assessing scholarly productivity in this domain over a period of 50 years.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc."	Research productivity; research trends; scientometric study; systemic lupus erythematosus; thyroid cancer; visualization
Abusaada H.; Elshater A.	Developing a guiding framework based on sustainable development to alleviate poverty, hunger and disease	2024	Archnet-IJAR: International Journal of Architectural Research	10.1108/ARCH-03-2023-0076	Purpose: Sustainable development (SD) is vital in alleviating poverty, hunger and disease (PHD). The purpose of this study is to present a guiding framework with pathways targeting the sustainability challenges concerning PHD based on urban planning and design literature. Design/methodology/approach: A narrative review and content analysis of 27 articles published by 11 journals indexed in Scopus were conducted using bibliometrics analysis. Findings: The study’s findings discuss contemporary normative planning and design ideas and their ability to alleviate PHD. Considering these findings, the authors recommend that urban planning and design implementation processes carefully pursue the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and Vision 2030 by tracking qualitative metrics that consider social, cultural and spiritual well-being. Originality/value: The contribution is to propose a conceptual framework for alleviating hunger, poverty and disease through Vision 2030. Practitioners and policymakers can use this framework to assess the impact of their actions. Hunger, poverty and disease research could be guided by this framework to identify and prioritize best practices in cities of the Global South. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Normative planning; Sustainable Development Goals; Urban indicators; Well-being
Wei S.; Du T.; Zhang L.; Li X.; Wang Z.; Ning Y.; Tang Y.; Wu X.; Han J.	A comprehensive exploration of astrocytes in migraine: a bibliometric and visual analysis	2024	European journal of medical research	10.1186/s40001-024-01919-z	BACKGROUND: Migraine, as a prevalent neurologic disorder, involves intricate and yet incompletely elucidated pathophysiological mechanisms. A plethora of research findings underscores the pivotal role played by astrocytes in the progression of migraines. In order to elucidate the current advances and directions in research pertaining to astrocytes in migraines, we conducted bibliometric analysis of relevant literature and visualized the results. Subsequently, we expound upon these findings to contribute to the evolving understanding of the role of astrocytes in migraine pathophysiology. METHODS: On November 21, 2023, we conducted a search on Web of Science (WOS), restricting the document type to articles or reviews and language to English. Following a meticulous selection process involving three researchers, we identified the literature to be included in our analysis. Subsequently, we employed Microsoft Office Excel programs, R, VOSviewer, Scimago Graphica, and CiteSpace software to conduct visualization analysis of basic information and trends regarding journals, countries/regions, and influential authors, institutions, keywords, and papers. RESULTS: As of November 21, 2023, relevant literature has been published in 71 journals across 27 countries/regions. This corpus comprises contributions from 576 authors affiliated with 220 institutions, encompassing 865 keywords and referencing 6065 scholarly articles. CEPHALALGIA stands out as the most influential journal in this field, while authors PIETROBON D and DALKARA T have significant impact. The United States is highly influential, with CNR and UNIV PADUA emerging as highly influential institutions. The predominant category is Neurosciences. CONCLUSIONS: Future investigators may continue to focus on migraines with aura, familial hemiplegic migraine (FHM), and the crucial calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) system. Employing advanced observational techniques, such as imaging, researchers should pay attention to cellular and tissue structures, such as microglia and the trigeminal ganglion, as well as mechanisms involving inflammation and central sensitization. Moreover, animal models are paramount in obtaining high-quality evidence. © 2024. The Author(s).	Astrocytes; Astroglias; Bibliometric analysis; Migraine
Zhang J.; Chen H.; Deng Y.; Zhang J.	The current and future research trends of carbon emission in nonferrous metal industry; [金属行业碳排放研究现状与发展趋势]	2024	Geological Bulletin of China	10.12097/gbc.2023.02.006	"In recent years, climate change has become increasingly critical, and the metal industry, as a major consumer of energy and emitter of greenhouse gases, is a significant contributor to industrial carbon emissions, necessitating further research. This study uses CiteSpace for bibliometric analysis and knowledge mapping to examine global research trends in metal industry carbon emissions from 2000 to 2022. Findings indicate a second wave of explosive growth in domestic carbon emissions research, which will accelerate the green transition of high-emission sectors and create new opportunities for the green low-carbon market. CNKI data show a focus on carbon emissions from single metals like iron, aluminum, and copper, with a shift from basic topics such as ""energy consumption"" and ""environmental benefits"" to ""carbon reduction"" and ""low-carbon transition"". Web of Science data reveal comprehensive research on carbon sources, low-carbon technologies, and carbon sequestration, suggesting a new revolution in green technologies for metal development. This study further elaborates on future trends in carbon emission research in the metal industry, including carbon sources, green low-carbon technologies, carbon sequestration technologies, and ecological carbon sinks. Summarizing the current state and future directions of carbon emission research will help promote the green low-carbon transition and long-term sustainable development of China's metal industry. © 2024 China Geological Survey. All rights reserved."	bibliometrics; carbon emissions; CiteSpace; knowledge graph; nonferrous metals
Fang X.; Jin L.; Sun X.; Huang H.; Wang Y.; Ren H.	A data-driven analysis to discover research hotspots and trends of technologies for PFAS removal	2024	Environmental Research	10.1016/j.envres.2024.118678	The frequent detection of persistent per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) in organisms and environment coupled with surging evidence for potential detrimental impacts, have attracted widespread attention throughout the world. In order to reveal research hotspots and trends of technologies for PFAS removal, herein, we performed a data-driven analysis of 3975 papers and 436 patents from Web of Science Core Collection and Derwent Innovation Index databases up to 2023. The results showed that China and the USA led the way in the research of PFAS removal with outstanding contributions to publications. The progression generally transitioned from accidental discovery of decomposition, to experimentation with removal effects and mechanisms of existing methods, and finally to enhanced defluorination and mechanism-driven design approaches. The keywords co-occurrence network and technology classification together revealed the main knowledge framework, which was constructed and correlated through contaminants, substrates, materials, processes and properties. Moreover, adsorption was demonstrated to be the dominant removal process among the current studies. Subsequently, we concluded the principles, advances and drawbacks of enrichment and separation, biological methods, advanced oxidation and reduction processes. Further exploration indicated the hotspots such as alternatives and precursors for PFAS (“genx”: 1.258, “f-53b”: 0.337), degradable mineralization technologies (“photocatalytic degrad”: 0.529, “hydrated electron”: 0.374), environment-friendly remediation technologies (“phytoremedi”: 0.939, “constructed wetland”: 0.462) and combination with novel materials (“metal-organic framework”: 1.115, “layered double hydroxid”: 0.559) as well as computer science (“molecular dynamics simul”: 0.559, “machine learn”). Furthermore, the future direction of technological innovation might lie in high-performance processes that minimize secondary pollution, the development of recyclable and renewable treatment agents, and collaborative control strategies for multiple pollutants. Overall, this study offers comprehensive and objective review for researchers and industry professionals in this field, enabling rapid access to knowledge guidance and insights into research frontiers. © 2024 Elsevier Inc.	Bibliometrics; Innovation directions; Patent analysis; Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances; Removal; Research trends
Chang J.; Lv L.; Cui S.; Gao H.; Zhang T.	Bibliometric Analysis of Straw Return to Field Research on Soil Nutrients Based on CiteSpace	2024	E3S Web of Conferences	10.1051/e3sconf/202453603018	"Soil nutrients are one of the important factors affecting crop growth, and straw return to field is an effective method to improve the soil nutrient composition in agricultural ecosystems. To optimize agricultural production and enhance the resource utilization efficiency of agricultural waste, this paper conducts a comprehensive analysis of annual publication volume, collaborating authors, journal analysis, research institutions, and the frequency and centrality of keywords based on the research papers related to straw return to field and soil nutrients collected in the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database from 2004 to 2024. With the aid of CiteSpace visualization software and bibliometrics, the results show that the number of Chinese-related articles has generally shown an upward trend since 2009. The main authors include Huancheng Pang, etc. The primary publishing journals are mainly ""Jiangsu Journal of Agricultural Sciences,""among others. The main institutions include the Institute of Agricultural Resources and Regional Planning, etc. The research hotspots are unfolded from two aspects of straw return to field and soil nutrients, and related soil enzyme activity, and crop yield may become future research hotspots, which also provide reference significance for further leveraging the resource utilization of straw return to field. © 2024 EDP Sciences. All rights reserved."	N/A
Wang K.; Guo F.; Zhou R.; Qian L.	Implementation of augmented reality in BIM-enabled construction projects: a bibliometric literature review and a case study from China	2024	Construction Innovation	10.1108/CI-08-2022-0196	Purpose: In recent years, augmented reality (AR) has shown its potential to assist various construction activities. Its use commonly requires additional refinement to be integrated into the building information modeling (BIM) process. Nevertheless, few studies have investigated AR implementation in BIM-enabled projects because of numerous challenges related to its implementation. This study aims to investigate the implementation of AR in construction and identify the critical mechanisms for implementing BIM-AR successfully. Design/methodology/approach: A mixed methodology was adopted for this study. First, this work presents a bibliometric analysis covering articles obtained from Scopus database published between 2000 and 2022. A sample size of 65 research papers pertinent to AR in construction was analyzed using VOSviewer software. Second, a participatory case study was conducted for a BIM-enabled project in China to gain insight into how BIM-AR implementation in construction is achieved. Findings: The findings from the bibliometric analysis show an increasing interest in AR research within construction. The results indicate that AR research focuses on four clusters: real-time communication, project management, construction activities and education. Findings from the case study provide an empirical experience of AR application scenarios in a BIM-enabled project. Concomitantly, 15 critical success factors that influence BIM-AR implementation were finally identified and demonstrated. Originality/value: This study provides a rich insight into the understanding and awareness of implementing AR. First, the findings are beneficial to construction practitioners and researchers because they provide a concentrated perspective of AR for emerging activities in the construction industry. Second, the results obtained from the case study could provide a useful guide for effectively implementing AR in a BIM-enabled construction project. Overall, this study may stimulate further research on AR-related studies in construction, such as BIM integration, factor analysis and construction education. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Augmented reality; Bibliometric analysis; Building information modeling; Case study; Construction industry; Factors
Razavi S.; Sharma A.; Lavin C.; Pourmand A.; Smalls N.; Tran Q.K.	COVID-19 Pandemic and Impact on Research Publications in Critical Care	2024	Critical Care Explorations	10.1097/CCE.0000000000001103	OBJECTIVES: The COVID-19 pandemic precipitated a significant transformation of scientific journals. Our aim was to determine how critical care (CC) journals and their impact may have evolved during the COVID-19 pandemic. We hypothesized that the impact, as measured by citations and publications, from the field of CC would increase. DESIGN: Observational study of journal publications, citations, and retractions status. SETTING: All work was done electronically and retrospectively. SUBJECTS: The top 18 CC journals broadly concerning CC, and the top 5 most productive CC journals on the SCImago list. INTERVENTIONS: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: For the top 18 CC journals and specifically Critical Care Medicine (CCM), time series analysis was used to estimate the trends of total citations, citations per publication, and publications per year by using the best-fit curve. We used PubMed and Retraction Watch to determine the number of COVID-19 publications and retractions. The average total citations and citations per publication for all journals was an upward quadratic trend with inflection points in 2020, whereas publications per year spiked in 2020 before returning to prepandemic values in 2021. For CCM total publications trend downward while total citations and citations per publication generally trend up from 2017 onward. CCM had the lowest percentage of COVID-related publications (15.7%) during the pandemic and no reported retractions. Two COVID-19 retractions were noted in our top five journals. CONCLUSIONS: Citation activity across top CC journals underwent a dramatic increase during the COVID-19 pandemic without significant retraction data. These trends suggest that the impact of CC has grown significantly since the onset of COVID-19 while maintaining adherence to a high-quality peer-review process. Copyright © 2024 The Authors.	bibliometrics; COVID-19 pandemic; explosive; publishing; PubMed
Zhang Y.; Shen G.Q.; Xue J.	A Bibliometric Analysis of Supply Chain Management within Modular Integrated Construction in Complex Project Management	2024	Buildings	10.3390/buildings14061667	As construction projects become increasingly complex, modular integrated construction (MiC) has emerged as a pivotal solution, driving integrated development in complex projects. However, the reliance on prefabricated modules underscores the crucial role of supply chain management (SCM) in MiC, necessitating strategic planning and operational control. This study aimed to use bibliometric analysis to map the SCM knowledge domain within MiC. Through the use of keywords related to “supply chain” and “MiC”, 196 relevant papers were extracted from the Web of Science database. These papers were subjected to co-citation analysis, keyword co-occurrence analysis, and time span analysis to elucidate the historical evolution, multidisciplinary domains, and future directions in planning and control within SCM-MiC. The research identified two milestones in SCM-MiC’s historical trajectory, enhancing our understanding of its foundations. Moreover, 11 clusters were identified, illustrating the multidisciplinary nature of SCM-MiC. Dividing the literature into seven stages of the supply chain, the research outlined four research directions aligned with project complexity and technological development, highlighting current hotspots and gaps of the strategic planning and control. These directions bridge the construction management and information technology domains, guiding future SCM-MiC research within complex project management. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; complex project management; modular integrated construction; supply chain management
Zou Z.; Tian K.; Hooblal A.P.; Wagner T.; Zhang W.	Bibliometric analysis of the acetabular labrum	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038730	"The acetabular labrum (AL) plays a crucial role in the normal physiological functioning of the hip joint. This study aims to present an overview of the current status and research hotspots concerning the AL and to explore the field from a bibliometric perspective. A total of 1918 AL-related records published between January 1, 2000 and November 8, 2023 were gathered from the Web of Science Core Collection database. By utilizing tools such as HisCite, CiteSpace, VOSviewer, and the R package ""bibliometrix,""the regions, institutions, journals, authors, and keywords were analyzed to predict the latest trends in AL research. Global research interest and publication output related to this topic continues to escalate. The United States leads in international collaborations, number of publications, and citation frequency, underscoring its preeminent position in this field. The American Hip Institute emerged as the most prolific institution, making the greatest contribution to publications. Notably, Arthroscopy and the American Journal of Sports Medicine are the 2 most popular journals in this domain, accounting for 13.29% and 10.1% of publications, respectively, and were also found to be the most co-cited journals. Amongst authors, Benjamin G. Domb leads with 160 articles (8.35%), while Marc J. Philippon is the most frequently cited author. The keyword co-occurrence network showed 3 hot clusters, including ""AL,""""femoral acetabular impingement (FAI),""and ""osteoarthritis.""In addition, ""survivorship,""""FAI,""and ""patient-reported outcomes""were identified as trending topics for future exploration. This study represents the first comprehensive bibliometric analysis, summarizing the present state and future trends in AL research. The findings serve as a valuable resource for scholars, offering practical insights into key information within the field and identifying potential research frontiers and emerging directions in the near future.  © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc."	AL; bibliometric; FAI; osteoarthritis; trends
Li T.; Su W.; Wang Z.; Wang X.; Ma X.; Cao Y.; Zhao R.	Characterization of research trends and prospects on hepatic echinococcosis over the past forty years: a bibliometric analysis	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001319	BACKGROUND: The distribution of hepatic echinococcosis (HE) is extensive, significantly impacting public health and economic development. Therefore, analyzing global collaboration networks and tracking developmental trends over the past four decades are crucial. This study aimed to demonstrate collaboration in the field of HE and explore key topics and future directions. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Bibliometric analyses were conducted using CiteSpace, Bibliometrix package of R, and VOSviewer software on HE-related studies from the Web of Science Core Collection published before 1 August 2023. RESULTS: This study identified 2605 records published in 196 journals by 9860 authors from 2607 institutes in 90 countries. Publications significantly notably increased in 2021. Developing countries like Turkey and China made notable contributions, while developed countries like the USA had higher average citation rates. The largest nodes in every cluster of the collaboration network were Hacettepe University, Tehran University, Xinjiang Medical University, Salford University, and the University of Pavia, and the top-producing authors were Wen H, Vuitton DA, Gottstein B, and Craig PS. Keyword co-occurrence analysis suggested that surgical techniques and novel drugs targeting combined immune checkpoints are the main therapeutic approaches in the future. CONCLUSION: Although developing countries had significantly contributed to publications on HE, the citation rate for individual articles from developed countries was significantly higher. Additionally, advancements in surgical techniques and novel drugs targeting combined immune checkpoints may emerge as the next research focus and developmental direction. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	N/A
Guo T.; Zhang H.; Luo Y.; Yang X.; Wang L.; Zhang G.	GLOBAL TRENDS AND FRONTIER IN RESEARCH ON PANCREATIC ALPHA CELLS: A BIBLIOMETRIC ANALYSIS FROM 2013 TO 2023	2024	Clinical and Investigative Medicine	10.3138/cim-2024-2744	Purpose: Over the past 20 years, much of the research on diabetes has focused on pancreatic beta cells. In the last 10 years, interest in the important role of pancreatic alpha cells in the pathogenesis of diabetes, which had previously received little attention, has grown. We aimed to summarize and visualize the hotspot and development trends of pancreatic alpha cells through bibliometric analysis and to provide research direction and future ideas for the treatment of diabetes and other islet-related diseases. Methods: We used two scientometric software packages (CiteSpace 6.1.R6 and VOSviewer1.6.18) to visualize the information and connection of countries, institutions, authors, and keywords in this field. Results: A total of 532 publications, published in 752 institutions in 46 countries and regions, were included in this analysis. The United States showed the highest output, accounting for 39.3% of the total number of published papers. The most active institution was Vanderbilt University, and the authors with highest productivity came from Ulster University. In recent years, research hotspots have concentrated on transdifferentiation, gene expression, and GLP-1 regulatory function. Visualization analysis shows that research hotspots mainly focus on clinical diseases as well as physiological and pathological mechanisms and related biochemical indicators. Conclusions: This study provides a review and summary of the literature on pancreatic alpha cells through bibliometric and visual methods and shows research hotspot and development trends, which can guide future directions for research. © 2024 CANADIAN SOCIETY FOR CLINICAL INVESTIGATION	bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; pancreatic alpha cells; visual analysis; VOSviewer
Amado-Fuentes M.; Denche-Zamorano A.; Barrios-Fernandez S.; Gozalo M.	Bibliometric Analysis on Equine-Assisted Interventions	2024	Animals	10.3390/ani14121776	Equine Assisted Interventions (EAIs) integrate the active participation of horses in therapeutic or educational interventions. A bibliometric analysis was carried out on this topic, using traditional bibliometric laws and recommendations. For this purpose, a search on the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database was carried out, obtaining 333 documents. Annual publications followed an exponentially increasing trend (R2 = 86%), pointing out that this topic is a growing interest among researchers, publishers, and journals. The USA was the most productive country worldwide and Jeong-yi Kwon and Ji Lee were the prolific co-authors. The WoS category with the highest number of papers was Rehabilitation (84 papers). The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine, and Pediatric Physical Therapy were the journals with the highest number of publications. The most cited paper was “State of the Evidence Traffic Lights 2019: Systematic Review of Interventions for Preventing and Treating Children with Cerebral Palsy”. The most used author keywords were rehabilitation, balance, and those related to specific populations such as Cerebral Palsy and Autism Spectrum Disorder. These results suggest that EAIs is a topic of increasing interest for researchers, editors, and professionals. © 2024 by the authors.	education; equine-assisted services; horses; scientometrics; therapy
González-Mendes S.; González-Sanchez R.; Alonso-Muñoz S.	Exploring the influence of artificial intelligence on the management of hospitality and tourism sectors: A bibliometric overview	2024	Artificial Intelligence Enabled Management: An Emerging Economy Perspective	10.1515/9783111172408014	Artificial intelligence (AI) is transforming the tourism industry, improving data classification and analysis, forecasting systems, customer trends and habits, with both voice and facial recognition. This study conducts a bibliometric analysis using VOSviewer software to understand the state of the art of AI and its application in the hospitality and tourism industry from 1996 to January 2023. Data was retrieved from Web of Sciences (WoS) and 345 articles were obtained. This chapter aims to contribute to filling the research gap in this area, providing a research agenda to identify opportunities for researchers and practitioners. The co-occurrence analysis provides valuable information about the current research hotspots, mainly related to algorithmic models, robotics for sustainable tourism management, and augmented reality for tourism experience. It is highlighted that the diffusion of robots in the tourism sector has been accelerated by the COVID-19 situation since the year 2020. The results show that a technological framework is essential for the implementation of robotics in hospitality organisations. In addition, further studies on customer acceptance and human resources are needed. © 2024 Walter de Gruyter GmbH, Berlin/Boston.	Artificial Intelligence; Hospitality Industry; Research Agenda; Tourism
Xu J.; Ding C.; Zhang X.; Guo X.	Review of complex network-based urban waterlogging disaster emergency management research; [基于复杂网络的城市内涝灾害应急管理研究综述]	2024	Journal of Natural Disasters	10.13577/j.jnd.2024.0301	As one of the powerful methods for analyzing large complex systems, complex network theory provides new ideas and research methods for studying urban waterlogging disaster emergency management. This study reviews the current research status of complex networks in this field. Firstly, the research hotspots and historical development of urban waterlogging disasters are analyzed with a bibliometric method, and the research process of urban waterlogging disaster emergency management are systematically analyzed. Secondly, the application of complex network theory is further analyzed based on the whole process of urban waterlogging disaster emergency management, and the application process of indicator evaluation extraction and nonlinear behavior analysis in disasters based on complex network theory is focused on. On one hand, the network characteristics, including network topology indicators and disaster risk indicators, are systematically studied. On the other hand, the further combination of complex network theory with different research methods and elements is sorted out. Finally, the problems and challenges that the existing researches face are summarized systematically, and future development directions and research trends are analyzed in terms of modeling improvement and optimization strategies. © 2024 Institute of Engineering Mechanics (IEM). All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; complex networks; emergency management; urban waterlogging; whole-process management
Lu S.; Wang N.; Guo Y.	Analysis of Research Hotspots and Trends in Lake Ecosystem Services Based on Bibliometrics; [基于文献计量的湖泊生态系统服务研究热点与趋势分析]	2024	Research of Environmental Sciences	10.13198/j.issn.1001-6929.2024.04.01	As important repositories of fresh water resources on the Earthxs surface, lakes have crucial economic, social and ecological benefits. With the development of lake research, the investigation of lake ecosystem services has gradually garnered more attention. To gain an in-depth understanding of the current research status of lake ecosystem services, the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database and the China Knowledge Network (CNKI) database were searched for literature pertaining to the field of lake ecosystem services from January 1st, 1995 to July 7th, 2023. Additionally, the CiteSpace software and the VOSviewer software were utilized to display the annual publications, number of publications, national institutions and keywords of the retrieved literature, aiming to explore the research hotspots and development trends of lake ecosystem services. This study followed the main research route of ‘conceptual evolution-value assessment-influencing factors’ and identified the key research hotspots in lake ecosystem services. First, in terms of conceptual evolution, the definition of lake ecosystem services has been expanded from pure material output to comprehensive functions including non-commodity services. Furthermore, in terms of value assessment, most direct and indirect market pricing methods and models such as InVEST and ARIES have been used to quantify the values of lake ecosystem services. Ultimately, in terms of influencing factors, climate change, lake eutrophication and irrational land use have exerted pressure on lake ecosystem services, resulting in a decrease in lake ecosystem service capacities. Regarding the research hotspots of lake ecosystem services, three future research trends are proposed: firstly, to analyze the connotation of lake ecosystem services and the theory of value assessment in more depth; secondly, to establish a more scientific, comprehensive and early-warning evaluation system; thirdly, to identify and distinguish the factors affecting lake ecosystem services in depth. © 2024 Editorial Board, Research of Environmental Sciences. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; climate change; eutrophication; lake ecosystem services
Álvarez-Diez R.C.; López-Robles J.R.	Research on religion and spirituality in China: A bibliometric analysis based on the Web of Science	2024	International Journal of Sino-Western Studies	10.37819/ijsws.26.1820	Research on religion in China is of critical importance due to its impact on society, culture, and politics within the country and in an increasingly interconnected global context. There is a pressing need in academic and scientific realms to understand and analyze the core research themes conducted in this field over the past decade. The relevance of such research lies in their ability to establish a common framework that facilitates collaboration among researchers and consolidates existing knowledge. By identifying major research and areas of academic activity, this common framework opens the door to greater integration and synergy among academics in this field. Furthermore, this framework benefits researchers in the field of religion in China and offers opportunities to expand and deepen understanding of related topics such as sociology, anthropology, and cultural studies. To do that, a comprehensive analysis has been developed using bibliometric techniques and methodologies to identify and evaluate the most significant research on religion in China over the last ten years. This approach enables the visualization of emerging trends, areas of interest, and significant contributions in the field, providing a comprehensive overview of current research. This analysis addresses this demand using bibliometric tools, techniques, and methodologies. Finally, it underscores the importance of understanding recent research on religion in China and how bibliometric analysis can significantly contribute to academic and scientific collaboration and identify new avenues of inquiry in this dynamic and complex field. © 2024, Nordic Forum of Sino-Western Studies. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; China; knowledge mapping; religion; spirituality
Miao L.; Zhang J.; Shen C.; Wang W.	A commentary on 'Worldwide research trends on tumor burden and immunotherapy: a bibliometric analysis'	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001258	[No abstract available]	N/A
Yang M.; Wang S.; Zhang J.; Yan B.	Primary Sjogren syndrome – A bibliometric analysis via CiteSpace	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038162	This study employs CiteSpace software to analyze the research status, hotspots, and trends of primary Sjogren syndrome (pSS). Relevant publications from 1999 to 2023 were searched in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) set, followed by generating a network map using CiteSpace software to identify top authors, institutions, countries, keywords, journals, references, and research trends. A total of 3564 valid articles were included in this study. The People Republic of China had the highest number of articles (n = 524), while the University of Bergen emerged as the institution with the highest publication count (n = 94). Mariette X was identified as the author with the most publications (n = 67), whereas Vitali C received recognition as the most cited author (n = 1706). Annals of Rheumatic Diseases stood out as the journal with the highest citation count (n = 2530). Notably, an article published in the Annals of Rheumatic Diseases in 2017 garnered significant attention by being cited a remarkable 304 times. The bibliometric analysis reveals that key areas of research in pSS encompass investigating pathogenesis; advancing and applying targeted biological agents; and establishing treatment and diagnostic standards. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; CiteSpace; knowledge-map; primary Sjogren syndrome; Web of Science
Yan J.; Monlong J.; Cougoule C.; Lacroix-Lamandé S.; Wiedemann A.	Mapping the scientific output of organoids for animal and human modeling infectious diseases: a bibliometric assessment	2024	Veterinary research	10.1186/s13567-024-01333-7	"The escalation of antibiotic resistance, pandemics, and nosocomial infections underscores the importance of research in both animal and human infectious diseases. Recent advancements in three-dimensional tissue cultures, or ""organoids"", have revolutionized the development of in vitro models for infectious diseases. Our study conducts a bibliometric analysis on the use of organoids in modeling infectious diseases, offering an in-depth overview of this field's current landscape. We examined scientific contributions from 2009 onward that focused on organoids in host‒pathogen interactions using the Web of Science Core Collection and OpenAlex database. Our analysis included temporal trends, reference aging, author, and institutional productivity, collaborative networks, citation metrics, keyword cluster dynamics, and disruptiveness of organoid models. VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and Python facilitated this analytical assessment. The findings reveal significant growth and advancements in organoid-based infectious disease research. Analysis of keywords and impactful publications identified three distinct developmental phases in this area that were significantly influenced by outbreaks of Zika and SARS-CoV-2 viruses. The research also highlights the synergistic efforts between academia and publishers in tackling global pandemic challenges. Through mostly consolidating research efforts, organoids are proving to be a promising tool in infectious disease research for both human and animal infectious disease. Their integration into the field necessitates methodological refinements for better physiological emulation and the establishment of extensive organoid biobanks. These improvements are crucial for fully harnessing the potential of organoids in understanding infectious diseases and advancing the development of targeted treatments and vaccines. © 2024. The Author(s)."	bibliometric; infection; Organoid; pathogen; SARS-CoV-2; Zika virus
Xu C.; Wang A.; Li D.; Zhang H.; Li H.; Li Z.	Global trends in research of venous thromboembolism associated with lower limb joint arthroplasty A bibliometric analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038661	This study aims to visualize publications related to venous thromboembolism (VTE) and lower limb joint arthroplasty to identify research frontiers and hotspots, providing references and guidance for further research. We retrieved original articles published from 1985 to 2022 and their recorded information from the Web of Science Core Collection. The search strategy used terms related to knee or hip arthroplasty and thromboembolic events. Microsoft Excel was used to analyze the annual publications and citations of the included literature. The rest of the data were analyzed using the VOSviewer, citespace and R and produced visualizations of these collaborative networks. We retrieved 3543 original articles and the results showed an overall upward trend in annual publications. The United States of America had the most significant number of publications (Np) and collaborative links with other countries. McMaster University had the greatest Np. Papers published by Geerts WH in 2008 had the highest total link strength. Journal of Arthroplasty published the most articles on the research of VTE associated with lower limb joint arthroplasty. The latest research trend mainly involved “general anesthesia” “revision” and “tranexamic acid.” This bibliometric study revealed that the research on VTE after lower limb joint arthroplasty is developing rapidly. The United States of America leads in terms of both quantity and quality of publications, while European and Canadian institutions and authors also make significant contributions. Recent research focused on the use of tranexamic acid, anesthesia selection, and the VTE risk in revision surgeries. Copyright © 2024 the Author(s).	anticoagulant; arthroplasty; bibliometric analysis; venous thromboembolism; VOSviewer
Wan Y.; Zhang J.; Dou Z.; Zhao J.; Wang L.	Analysis of highly cited papers in Chinese Journal of Epidemiology from 2020 to 2023; [《中华流行病学杂志》2020-2023 年高被引论文分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of Epidemiology	10.3760/cma.j.cn112338-20240430-00231	Objective To analyze the characteristics of highly-cited papers in Chinese Journal of Epidemiology from 2020 to 2023, and provide a basis for subsequent paper solicitation and identify research hotspots. Methods On December 9, 2023, the citation frequency of each paper in Chinese Journal of Epidemiology from 2020 to 2023 was obtained from China National Knowledge Infrastructure. The total citation frequency of each paper was sorted using Excel 2016 software, and papers with citation frequency ≥30 were extracted for analysis. The keywords of the papers and Contents in Brief were analyzed. Results A total of 1 317 papers were included in the analysis, of which 389, 342, 308 and 278 papers were included from 2020 to 2023. The total citation frequency was 11 873, and all papers were cited with an average citation frequency of 9. The keywords with high citation frequency in the papers included 2019-nCoV, hypertension, colorectal tumor, hand-foot-mouth disease, hepatitis B. and the average frequency of citation were 162, 77, 62, 51 and 47, respectively. There were 15 highly cited Contents in Brief in total, 11 of which are vital Contents in Brief or unique Contents in Brief, including Response to COVID-19 Epidemic, China Kadoorie Biobank, Epidemiological Research on Infectious Diseases, Healthy Ageing, Colorectal Cancer Prevention and Control, Prevention and Control of Hepatitis B, Quality Assessment of Cancer Screening Guidelines and Consensus, The 40th Anniversary of Chinese Journal of Epidemiology, Expert Forum, Review, Standard-Protocol-Guide. The total citation frequency was 3 951, accounting for 72.6% (3 951/5 438) of highly cited papers. Conclusions In the past four years, the highly cited papers of this journal mainly focused on the research field of emerging infectious diseases and chronic diseases. The response to the 2019-nCoV epidemic highlights the academic leading role. The effect of selecting and planning a topic, commissioning authors to write on given topics and making an arrangement in advance with a subject for contribution to vital Contents in Brief or unique Contents in Brief of this journal is pronounced, and the academic influence of the journal continues to improve. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Chronic disease; Highly cited papers; Infectious disease; Total citation frequency
Wu P.-N.; Liu J.-L.; Fang M.-J.; Fu X.-S.; Wei J.-L.; Wang Y.; Qian H.-H.; Zhang D.	Global trends in colorectal cancer and metabolic syndrome research: a bibliometric and visualization analysis	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001342	Numerous studies have demonstrated a robust correlation between metabolic syndrome (MetS) and colorectal cancer (CRC). Nonetheless, no systematic analysis or visualization of relevant publications has been conducted via bibliometrics. This research, centred on 616 publications obtainable through the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC), employed CiteSpace software and VOSviewer software for correlation analyses of authors, journals, institutions, countries, keywords, and citations. The findings indicate that the Public Library of Science had the highest number of publications, while the United States, China, and South Korea were the most contributory nations. Recent years have seen the mechanisms linking Metabolic Syndrome with Colorectal Cancer, including diet, obesity, insulin resistance, and intestinal flora, remain a burgeoning research area. Furthermore, bariatric surgery appears to be a promising new area of study. This paper presents the initial bibliometric and visualization analysis of research literature concerning CRC and MetS which examines research trends and hotspots. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	N/A
Wang Y.; Chen T.; Li C.; Qi M.; Fu P.; Zeng X.	Research on coronavirus disease 2019 and the kidney: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e31749	Background: In addition to damage to the lungs, coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) can damage multiple organs, including the kidney. Our purpose was to analyze the research hotspots and trends in COVID-19 and kidney diseases using bibliometrics to help clarify the development direction of this field. Methods: We selected and extracted all relevant publications related to COVID-19 and the kidney from the Web of Science from December 1, 2019, to July 24, 2022. VOSviewer, RStudio, CiteSpace, and other software were used to visualize keywords, publishing trends, authors and their countries, and institutions in this field and perform the statistical analysis. Results: A total of 645 articles published in 220 journals were included in this study. The United States and China contributed the most publications and were most active in international cooperation. In addition to COVID-19 and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), acute kidney injury (AKI), kidney transplant and mortality were the three keywords with the highest frequencies. In the initial stage of the COVID-19 outbreak, research focused on the clinical symptoms of COVID-19 and other macrocharacteristics, while in a later stage, the associations between SARS-CoV-2 infection and CKD and AKI, as well as the prognosis of patients with kidney disease or those who underwent kidney transplantation, gained more attention. The immune response and vaccines were also recent research hotspots. Conclusions: This bibliometric analysis provides a comprehensive overview of research on COVID-19 and kidney disease, which has received continuous, global attention. AKI, CKD, kidney transplantation, immune response and vaccines are among the hotspots in this field. © 2024 The Authors	Acute kidney injury; Bibliometric analysis; Chronic kidney disease; COVID-19; Kidney transplant; Vaccine
Dong L.; Tan L.	Bibliometric and visual analyses of advancements in chronic kidney disease management	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038576	Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is characterized by high incidence, prolonged course, significant health damage, and a heavy societal burden. Understanding the history and content of CKD research is crucial to further its recognition and management, in addition to reducing its individual and societal burdens. This study aimed to assess the management history of CKD to provide a foundation for clinical medical staff to systematically understand its evolution. The Web of Science Core Collection database was screened for CKD management studies published between January 1, 1948, and December 31, 2021. From the search results, we performed statistical descriptions of the publication date, volume, and type. Using VOS-viewer 1.6.19, variables from the included articles were obtained for keyword co-occurrence clustering and sequence analyses to determine research themes, segment phases based on publication volumes over varied timeframes, assess the dynamic progression of CKD management, and anticipate future research trends. In total, 26,133 articles met the inclusion criteria. The analysis revealed 3 stages of CKD management research: the slow development stage (1948-1998), which was initiated by epidemiological studies without ideal clustering; the steady growth stage (1999-2010), which was focused on CKD complication management and quality-of-life research; and the rapid development stage (2011-2022), which was dominated by 7 major clusters, mainly regarding the treatment and management of severe conditions and management patterns. The CKD research journey is comprised of 3 stages, the contents of which form an interconnected research model. Future research should focus on the establishment of management models and the application of intelligent management tools. Furthermore, this work can serve as a reference for the further expansion of research in this field and in improving its management.  Copyright © 2024 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	bibliometrics; chronic disease management; chronic kidney disease; visual analysis
Chen J.; Chen S.; Liu Z.; Wu L.; Xiang H.; Zhang J.; Wei H.	A Bibliometric Analysis on Research Progress of Earthworms in Soil Ecosystems	2024	Biology	10.3390/biology13060385	The earthworm, as a soil engineer, plays highly important roles in the soil ecosystem for shaping soil structure, promoting soil fertility, regulating microbial community composition and activities and decomposing soil pollutants. However, the research progresses on this important soil fauna have rarely been reviewed so far. Therefore, we conducted a bibliometric analysis of the literature published during 1900–2022, which was collected from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS). The results showed that three periods (1900–1990, 1991–2005 and 2006–2022) could be identified in terms of the intensity of publications on the topic, and the number of publications kept increasing since 2006. The United States produced the highest publication record at the country scale, whereas Chinese Academy of Sciences was the most productive institution. Chinese institutions and authors played an active and prominent role during 2018–2022. Soil Biology & Biochemistry was the most popular journal for the topic-related research. In these publications, Professor Lavelle P was the most influential author. Based on a citation network of the top 50 cited papers, four hotspots were identified, i.e., the ecological effects of earthworms, the impact of agricultural activities on earthworms, earthworm ecotoxicology and earthworm invasion. Moreover, “impact”, “biodiversity”, “oxidative stress”, “diversity”, “response”, “Eisenia fetida” and “exposure” were the emerging and active topics in recent years. This study can help us to better understand the relevant subject categories, journals, countries, institutions, authors and articles and identify the research hotspots and emerging trends in the field of soil earthworm research. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; earthworm; HistCite; soil
Zhang Z.; Wang J.; Li J.; Wang Y.; Yin K.; Fei X.	Impacts of regional socioeconomic statuses and global events on solid waste research reflected in six waste-focused journals	2024	Waste Management	10.1016/j.wasman.2024.04.028	The research pertaining to solid waste is undergoing extensive advancement, thereby necessitating a consolidation and analysis of its research trajectories. The existing biblio-studies on solid waste research (SWR) lack thorough analyses of the factors influencing its trends. This article presents an innovative categorization framework that categorizes publications from six SWR journals utilizing Source Latent Dirichlet Allocation. First analyse changes in publication numbers across main categories, subcategories, journals, and regions, providing a macro-level study of SWR. Temporal analysis of keywords supplements a micro-level study of SWR, which highlights that emerging technologies with low Technology Readiness Level receive significant attention, while studies on widespread technologies are diminishing. Additionally, this study demonstrates the substantial influence of socioeconomic factors and previous SWR publications on current and future SWR trends. Finally, the article confirms the impact of global events on SWR trends by examining the structural breakpoints of SWR and their correlation with global events. © 2024	Bibliometric analysis; Global environmental events; Natural language processing; Socioeconomic status; Solid waste research
Zhao L.; Yang J.; Liu T.; Cao H.; Liang Y.; Wang B.	Comparison of clinical research trends and hotspots in allergic rhinitis and asthma from 2013 to 2023 based on bibliometric analysis	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e32829	Purpose: To analyze and compare clinical research trends and hot topics in allergic rhinitis (AR) and asthma and provide valuable theoretical data and references for future research. Methods: Clinical studies focusing on AR or asthma published from 2013 to 2023 were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection. Eligible articles were screened and analyzed using bibliometrics from multiple indicators. Results: A total of 261 eligible articles on AR and 991 qualified articles on asthma were screened. The following bibliometric analyses identified the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology as the most influential publication on AR and asthma and proved the significant contributions of Harvard University in clinical studies on AR and asthma. The analyses also revealed that the top ten prolific authors for AR were from China, the United Kingdom, Japan, and Germany, whereas the top ten productive authors for asthma were mainly from the USA. Collaborations among countries for AR were relatively concentrated in the Occident, whereas international cooperation on asthma was mainly achieved by the Occident and certain Eastern countries. Conclusions: This study compared and analyzed the current status and evolution of AR and asthma-related clinical research using bibliometric analysis. Additionally, the study comprehensively summarized the impactful authors, institutions, and countries, and revealed the replacement and evolution of hotspots. © 2024	Allergic disease; Allergic rhinitis; Asthma; Bibliometrics; Research trend
Bing J.; You H.; Dai Y.; Ding Y.	Progress and research trends in neurogenic bladder after spinal cord injury bibliometric analysis based on web of science database: An observational study	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038491	Neurogenic bladder (NB) is a significant complication that often occurs after spinal cord injury. It results from urinary dysfunction caused by the injury, disrupting the normal neural control of the bladder and urethra. Symptoms of NB can include urinary frequency, urgency, incontinence, and retention, all of which can greatly impact the quality of life of affected individuals. While there are articles and reviews on NB, fewer specifically address NB following spinal cord injury. This study examined 1095 publications from January 1, 2000, to March 27, 2024, in the Web of Science core database using bibliometric software like VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and Bibliometrics. The analysis revealed an increasing trend in the number of publications, with the United States and China leading in research output. Professor Jeremy B. Myers from the University of Utah had the highest number of publications, while the University of Michigan and the University of Pittsburgh were the institutions with the most publications. The journal Neurourology and Urodynamics had the highest number of articles, and common keywords included management, quality of life, and dysfunction, highlighting key areas of focus for scholars. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; neurogenic bladder; spinal cord injury; Web of Science
Zhou Q.; Tao C.; Yuan J.; Pan F.; Wang R.	Knowledge mapping of AURKA in Oncology：An advanced Bibliometric analysis (1998–2023)	2024	Heliyon	10.1016/j.heliyon.2024.e31945	AURKA, also known as Aurora kinase A, is a key molecule involved in the occurrence and progression of cancer. It plays crucial roles in various cellular processes, including cell cycle regulation, mitosis, and chromosome segregation. Dysregulation of AURKA has been implicated in tumorigenesis, promoting cell proliferation, genomic instability, and resistance to apoptosis. In this study, we conducted an extensive bibliometric analysis of research focusing on Aurora-A in the context of cancer by utilizing the Web of Science literature database. Various sophisticated computational tools, such as VOSviewer, Citespace, Biblioshiny R, and Cytoscape, were employed for comprehensive literature analysis and big data mining from January 1998 to September 2023.The primary objectives of our study were multi-fold. Firstly, we aimed to explore the chronological development of AURKA research, uncovering the evolution of scientific understanding over time. Secondly, we investigated shifting trends in research topics, elucidating areas of increasing interest and emerging frontiers. Thirdly, we delved into intricate signaling pathways and protein interaction networks associated with AURKA, providing insights into its complex molecular mechanisms. To further enhance the value of our bibliometric analysis, we conducted a meta-analysis on the prognostic value of AURKA in terms of patient survival. The results were visually presented, offering a comprehensive overview and future perspectives on Aurora-A research in the field of oncology. This study not only contributes to the existing body of knowledge but also provides valuable guidance for researchers, clinicians, and pharmaceutical professionals. By harnessing the power of bibliometrics, our findings offer a deeper understanding of the role of AURKA in cancer and pave the way for innovative research directions and clinical applications. © 2024 The Authors	Aurora kinase A; Bibliometrics; Bioinformatics; Cancer; Knowledge map; Targeted therapy
Joseph J.; Rajan S.K.	Evolution of Single-Session Therapy: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	American journal of psychotherapy	10.1176/appi.psychotherapy.20230054	OBJECTIVE: This bibliometric analysis aimed to explore the publication and citation metrics of the research literature on single-session therapy (SST) to understand its current status, trends, and future prospects. METHODS: Seventy-five keywords were validated by subject matter experts. Publications from 1972 through September 2023 were extracted from the bibliometric website Lens.org. Publication trends, citation patterns, prominent journals, and influential authors were examined as part of the bibliometric analysis. Citation network analysis, bibliographic coupling of authors, and coauthorship network analysis were also performed. RESULTS: A total of 301 SST publications, including 18 books, 85 book chapters, and 176 journal articles, were found, published by 493 authors. The citation- and publication-related metrics suggested a growing level of subject matter expertise over time. Initially, single-author publications held more prominence than collaborative work, but this pattern shifted. From 2011 to 2020, scholarly interest surged, resulting in 144 publications during this period. CONCLUSIONS: This bibliometric analysis, the first systematic exploration of the SST knowledge base, can be used to expand and enrich future SST research.	bibliometric analysis; evidence-based treatment; growth of SST; Lens.org; psychotherapy; single-session therapy
Vaishya R.; Gupta B.M.; Mamdapur G.M.N.; Ali K.S.; Vaish A.	Indias Publications on Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Bibliometric Analysis of Research Output from 1994 to 2023 A.D	2024	Journal of Nepal Health Research Council	10.33314/jnhrc.v22i01.5061	"BACKGROUND: Over the years, several studies have been conducted by utilizing bibliometric techniques to reveal research trends in various sub-fields of medical sciences, including arthritis research. Although no bibliometric study has been conducted Methods:In this study, we examined the publications of Indian scholars on Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) in the last three decades, using various quantitative and qualitative bibliometric indicators. The publications on RA (from 1994-2023) in the Scopus database were identified, analysed and evaluated using a pre-defined search strategy, and specialised software. RESULTS: 1603 papers were published on RA research that was cited 36814 times (averaging 11.48 citations per paper or CPP). The 18.65% and 16.71% of India's total publications indicated received external funding. The most productive Indian organizations were AIIMS (New Delhi), SGPGIMS (Lucknow) and PGIMER (Chandigarh). The most impactful organizations were AMU (Aligarh), Fortis Healthcare Ltd. (Gurgaon), and Punjab University (Chandigarh). The most productive authors were A. Aggarwal, R. Misra, A. Chopra, and U. Kumar. The most impactful authors were A. Aggarwal, A. Ghosh, S. Shankar, and R. Misra. Medicine (64.2% share), Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics (22.0% share), Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (19.8% share) and Immunology and Microbiology (12.8% share) contributed the most publications in this area. Clinical studies (40.9% share), pathophysiology (13.2% share) and the treatment outcome (9.0% share) accounted maximally. The most significant keywords appearing in the area were: ""Rheumatoid Arthritis"", ""Methotrexate"", and ""Rheumatoid Factor"". CONCLUSIONS: This study provides insight into past, present, and future areas of India on research in RA and will help scholars identify the areas of collaboration."	Bibliometric; highly cited papers; India; research; rheumatoid arthritis.
Nataraj M.; Maiya G.A.; Nagaraju S.P.; Shastry B.A.; N S.K.; Shetty S.; Raje S.	Exploring extended reality for diabetes education & self-management – A bibliometric analysis from 1999 to 2023	2024	Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research and Reviews	10.1016/j.dsx.2024.103071	Background: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) has emerged as a rapidly growing non-communicable disease (NCD) across developed & developing countries. People with diabetes mellitus experience health implications. They develop associated microvascular complications such as neuropathy, nephropathy & retinopathy and macro-vascular complications like coronary artery disease, stroke, amputations etc. These complications increase the socio-economic burden of people living with diabetes. Self-management of diabetes through education is a strong tool that remains under-utilized in clinical settings. The objective of the present study was to explore the role of extended reality for diabetes education & self-management. Methodology: The present study is a bibliometric analysis performed on the Scopus database with keywords: diabetes education, self-management, extended reality, virtual reality, augmented reality, mixed reality, and Boolean operators AND, OR. The search period ranged from inception till 4th July 2023 with restriction to English language articles. A total of 89 documents were identified in Scopus under multiple domains such as Engineering, Medicine, Health Professions, Nursing among others. The data was exported to the VOS Viewer software for network analysis. Results: Out of the total 89 documents, 45-original research, 26-review, 12-conference paper, 3-book, 2-book chapters & 1-note. The highest publications were from the Medicine category. The year of publication of the included documents ranged from 1999 till 2022. The network analysis was performed to explore the association between the included studies (co-authorship, co-occurrence, citation analysis, bibliographic coupling). Conclusion: The network analysis found the USA to be the leading publisher and the National Institute of Health (NIH) to be the leading funding source. There is limited evidence and a strong future scope to strengthen research productivity on extended reality for diabetes education & self-management. © 2024	Bibliometrics; Diabetes education; Diabetes self-management; Healthcare; VOSviewer technology
Kumar R.; Saxena S.; Kumar V.; Prabha V.; Kumar R.; Kukreti A.	Service innovation research: a bibliometric analysis using VOSviewer	2024	Competitiveness Review	10.1108/CR-01-2023-0010	Purpose: “The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on service innovation during the past two decades and provide an analysis of sources of publication, citations and authorship using bibliometric analysis techniques (VOSviewer).” This paper aims to assesses the important trends, enhance the academic debate, identify research gaps and propose future directions and a research agenda. Design/methodology/approach: This paper examines 176 articles in English language published from 2002 to 2022 from the Scopus database by adopting the bibliometric technique using VOSviewer software. This paper analyzes the different levels and boundaries of service innovation using bibliometric analysis of “service innovation research” using VOSviewer software. The methodology analyzes the number of citations, co-citations, keywords, authors, journals and countries. Findings: The review of the past 20 years indicates a substantial growth in the number of good research publications on service innovation. The UK, the USA, Sweden and Australia dominate this research area with the most articles published to date under the subject area of “Business management.” The review highlighted that most of the studies on service innovation focused on products, companies and processes in the services industry. The most critical factors behind service innovation failure are improper management and lack of knowledge. The citation analysis revealed various research implications and directions for the future. Research limitations/implications: This study focuses only on service innovation and excludes research on performance management and control. Thus, future studies may explore this area of research in future studies. Only research articles were analyzed; conference papers, reports, manuals and white papers from practice were excluded. Research implications indicate that future studies on service innovation would be essential for organizational excellence, not process excellence. Originality/value: This paper provides a comprehensive overview of the current status and essential trends of research on service innovation. This study identifies the research gaps and provides a clear research agenda for understanding the various elements of service innovation. © 2023, Emerald Publishing Limited.	Bibliometrics; Scopus; Service innovation; VOSviewer
Jia Z.; Hong W.; Chuanjiang L.; Jiaxi Z.; Yakun D.	Analysis on the development trend of farmland soil stone-picking mechanization technology based on patent bibliometrics; [基于专利计量的农田土壤捡石机械化技术发展态势分析]	2024	Journal of Chinese Agricultural Mechanization	10.13733/j.jcam.issn.2095-5553.2024.06.037	In order to clarify the development status of mechanized technology for picking up stones in farmland soil, through the PatSnap patent retrieval platform, the patent measurement method was used to analyze the overall situation, application trend, application area, applicant situation and related typical models of the global patent application of mechanized technology for picking up stones in farmland soil during the period from January 1, 1990 to October 24, 2022, and the innovation status of this technology field was displayed by visual method. The results show that the mechanization technology of soil stone picking in the global farmland has experienced from the gestation period, the initial development period, the adjustment period to the rapid development period. A total of 583 patents in the field of stone picking mechanization technology have been applied globally, of which 149 patents in the field of stone picking mechanization technology have been applied by China, accounting for about 25. 6% of the world. The relevant patent applications in China are mainly concentrated in Anhui, Shandong and Jiangsu Provinces. Among them, the number of patent applications applied by enterprises accounts for 69.8%, and the number of patent applications applied by scientific research institutes and universities accounts for 14. 8%. According to the structural principle, the global farmland soil stone picking machinery can be divided into gear type, shovel chain type, shovel cage type and tooth rake type. The representative models and their structural characteristics are also introduced. It is pointed out that there are still some problems in our country, such as weak research on the mechanism of stone picking machine, poor stability and reliability of stone picking machine, low economic benefit of stone picking machine and difficult to popularize. According to the national conditions of our country, it is suggested that China's stone picking machinery needs to accelerate the basic theoretical research of stone picking machine, improve the adaptability and reliability of the machine, as well as the diversification of technology and intelligent equipment. © 2024 Journal of Chinese Agricultural Mechanization Editorial Office. All rights reserved.	agricultural cultivated land; development trend; patent bibliometrics; rock picker
Fidanza A.; Schettini I.; Di Petrillo F.; Saracco M.; Petralia G.; Logroscino G.	A quantitative and qualitative analysis of Time-Driven Activity Based Costing: the waste side of joint replacement	2024	Acta Biomedica	10.23750/abm.v95i3.15387	Background and aim: The Time-Driven Activity Based Costing (TDABC) is a recent and sophisticated analytical accounting systems capable of linking and summarizing the information held by the various stakeholders involved in the provision of health care services. The aim of this review is to quantify the current state of the art of the international TDACB literature in the orthopaedic field, highlighting which orthopaedic topic deriving from the clinical/economic interdisciplinarity is of greater interest. Methods: A comprehensive science mapping bibliometric analysis of scientific literature was performed using the Scopus database. Afterwards, the analysis of the 40 most cited articles was carried out to spotlight the area of greatest interest in the orthopaedic field, and from which to extrapolate a qualitative analysis. Results: A total of 346 documents resulted eligible for the review. Nine of 40 articles examined TDABC in the prosthetic context. Despite showing a high diversity of methodological application, all 9 articles agree on the two most expensive items of care cycles: operating room consumables followed by length of stay. Conclusion: TDABC is a cost calculation methodology that is gaining scientific attention in the orthopaedic world, particularly in the joint replacement area. This tool might be useful for both clinicians and business managers, allowing them to redesign the entire patient care path, making useful changes to reduce waste, while maintaining standards of care. (www.actabiomedica.it). © Mattioli 1885.	cost drivers; hospital costs; joint replacement; prosthetic costs; TDABC; value-based healthcare
Zhao Y.; Wang M.; Ding J.; Qi J.; Wu L.; Zhang S.; Fu L.; Wang X.; Cheng L.	Data-enhanced revealing of trends in Geoscience	2024	Journal of Data and Information Science	10.2478/jdis-2024-0023	Purpose: This article presents an in-depth analysis of global research trends in Geosciences from 2014 to 2023. By integrating bibliometric analysis with expert insights from the Deeptime Digital Earth (DDE) initiative, this article identifies key emerging themes shaping the landscape of Earth Sciences-. Design/methodology/approach: The identification process involved a meticulous analysis of over 400,000 papers from 466 Geosciences journals and approximately 5,800 papers from 93 interdisciplinary journals sourced from the Web of Science and Dimensions database. To map relationships between articles, citation networks were constructed, and spectral clustering algorithms were then employed to identify groups of related research, resulting in 407 clusters. Relevant research terms were extracted using the Log-Likelihood Ratio (LLR) algorithm, followed by statistical analyses on the volume of papers, average publication year, and average citation count within each cluster. Additionally, expert knowledge from DDE Scientific Committee was utilized to select top 30 trends based on their representation, relevance, and impact within Geosciences, and finalize naming of these top trends with consideration of the content and implications of the associated research. This comprehensive approach in systematically delineating and characterizing the trends in a way which is understandable to geoscientists. Findings: Thirty significant trends were identified in the field of Geosciences, spanning five domains: deep space, deep time, deep Earth, habitable Earth, and big data. These topics reflect the latest trends and advancements in Geosciences and have the potential to address real-world problems that are closely related to society, science, and technology. Research limitations: The analyzed data of this study only contain those were included in the Web of Science. Practical implications: This study will strongly support the organizations and individual scientists to understand the modern frontier of earth science, especially on solid earth. The organizations such as the surveys or natural science fund could map out areas for future exploration and analyze the hot topics reference to this study. Originality/value: This paper integrates bibliometric analysis with expert insights to highlight the most significant trends on earth science and reach the individual scientist and public by global voting.  © 2024 Yu Zhao et al., published by Sciendo.	Bibliometrics; Expert knowledge; Geosciences; Global voting; Research trends
Li Y.; Ruan Y.; Zhai X.; Ye J.; Xiao Y.; Liang J.; Zhu N.	Frontiers and hotspots in hand, foot, and mouth disease research during 2006 to 2023 A bibliometric and visual analysis	2024	Medicine (United States)	10.1097/MD.0000000000038550	Background: Enteroviruses-infected hand, foot, and mouth disease (HFMD) seriously threatens human health. This study aimed to analyze the research status, hotspots, and frontiers of HFMD. Methods: Publications on HFMD between January 1, 2006, and January 31, 2023, were retrieved from the Web of Science Core database. Bibliometric tools, including CiteSpace, VOSviewer, R package “Bibiometrix,” SCImago Graphica, and Charticulator, were utilized to analyze and visualize the data. Results: A total of 1860 articles from 424 journals, involving 8815 authors from 64 countries and 1797 institutions were analyzed. The number of studies on HFMD has shown an increasing trend over the past 18 years, with an annual increase observed since 2006, which is particularly prominent after 2010. Research in this field has centered on the Asian region. Notably, the research hotspots were mainly focused on vaccines, epidemiology, and pathogenesis of HFMD. Among the researchers in this field, Zhang Yong emerged as the most prolific author, while Xu Wenbo had the most significant influence. The Chinese Academy of Sciences was the most productive institution, and China was the most productive country for HFMD research. Conclusion: By bibliometric analysis, researchers in the HMFD field can efficiently identify and visually represent their research focus and limitations. In the future, it is crucial to maintain ongoing surveillance of HFMD outbreaks and their pathogenic changes. Additionally, future research should extensively explore the molecular mechanisms underlying Enteroviruses-induced HFMD with a focus on developing vaccines and therapies. © 2024 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins. All rights reserved.	and mouth disease; bibliometrics; enterovirus; foot; hand; vaccine
Xie S.; Hamid N.; Zhang T.; Zhang Z.; Peng L.	Unraveling the nexus: Microplastics, antibiotics, and ARGs interactions, threats and control in aquaculture – A review	2024	Journal of Hazardous Materials	10.1016/j.jhazmat.2024.134324	In recent years, aquaculture has expanded rapidly to address food scarcity and provides high-quality aquatic products. However, this growth has led to the release of significant effluents, containing emerging contaminants like antibiotics, microplastics (MPs), and antibiotic resistance genes (ARGs). This study investigated the occurrence and interactions of these pollutants in aquaculture environment. Combined pollutants, such as MPs and coexisting adsorbents, were widespread and could include antibiotics, heavy metals, resistance genes, and pathogens. Elevated levels of chemical pollutants on MPs could lead to the emergence of resistance genes under selective pressure, facilitated by bacterial communities and horizontal gene transfer (HGT). MPs acted as vectors, transferring pollutants into the food web. Various technologies, including membrane technology, coagulation, and advanced oxidation, have been trialed for pollutants removal, each with its benefits and drawbacks. Future research should focus on ecologically friendly treatment technologies for emerging contaminants in aquaculture wastewater. This review provided insights into understanding and addressing newly developing toxins, aiming to develop integrated systems for effective aquaculture wastewater treatment. © 2024 Elsevier B.V.	Aquaculture; Emerging pollutants; Interactions and threats; One health; Treatment techniques
Jamalova M.	Modelling User Behavior Towards Smartphones and Wearable Technologies: A Bibliometric Study and Brief Literature Review	2024	International Journal of Interactive Mobile Technologies	10.3991/ijim.v18i12.48035	The study employs bibliometric and content analysis to assess the current status of applying technology adoption models (such as the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM), Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of Technology (UTAUT), and Innovation Diffusion Theory (IDT)) to the smartphone market, which also encompasses smart wearables. Hereby, the author aims to explore the relationship between smartphone usage and adoption models and contribute to the literature through current trends and methodologies. To achieve the goal, the author applied a two-stage approach. In the first stage, 213 articles were analyzed using citation and bibliographic coupling tools in VOS viewer (version 1.6.20). The papers were selected from the Scopus database, and the search was conducted in the fields of economics, business, and computer technologies. In the second stage, the author conducted a brief literature review of the most influential papers. The results illustrate the situation regarding the implementation of various models in the case of smartphone adoption. Content analyses of the most influential papers were conducted to elucidate and enhance the findings of bibliometric analyses, identify research gaps, and guide future research development. © 2024 by the authors of this article.	bibliometric analysis; innovation diffusion theory (IDT); smartphone; technology acceptance models (TAM); unified theory of acceptance and use of technology (UTAUT/UTAUT2)
Zhou M.; Qi Q.; He X.; Wang J.; Liu Y.; Gao J.; Zhang G.	Research Status of Postbiotics Based on Bibliometric Method; [基于文献计量法分析后生元研究现状]	2024	Journal of Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology	10.16429/j.1009-7848.2024.06.041	In recent years, inactivated bacteria, bacteria components or metabolites with healthy effects have attracted extensive attention from researchers at home and abroad, and the term definition of postbiotics has been put forward successively. Based on the definition of postbiotics proposed by Probiotics Society of Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology in 2022, this paper used bibliometrics to statistically analyze the research literature on postbiotics in the databases of China National Knowledge Network (CNKI), PubMed and Web of Science (WoS). Based on WoS database, the country distribution and research hotspots were analyzed. The results showed that in PubMed and WoS databases, the number of publications in the last three years exceeded the total number of publications in the last two decades (2000–2018), and the number of publications reached the maximum in 2021, with 223 and 248 articles respectively. The research heat of the postbiotics was rising continuously, and Japan was the country with the largest number of postbiotics research literatures. The number of publications on postbiotics in CNKI database showed a fluctuating linear growth rate, with an average annual growth rate of 21.76%. In this paper, the health effects of postbiotics were reviewed from in vitro, animal and clinical studies. The analysis shows that postbiotics are mainly involved in promoting intestinal health and regulating immunity. Studies at home and abroad have shown that the composition and health effects of postbiotics prepared by different microbial inactivation processes are different. This paper compared and analyzed the effective components and health action mechanism of postbiotics under different inactivation methods, so as to provide certain reference for the preparation of postbiotics by different strains. © 2024 Chinese Institute of Food Science and Technology. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; immunoregulation; intestinal health; postbiotics; the preparation methods
Wang B.; Hao X.; Yan J.; Li X.; Zhao M.; Han T.	A bibliometric analysis of immune-related adverse events in cancer patients and a meta-analysis of immune-related adverse events in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma	2024	Journal of Translational Internal Medicine	10.2478/jtim-2024-0003	Background and Objectives: Immunotherapy has become the standard treatment for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), but it carries a risk of immune-related adverse events (irAEs) that can be life-threatening. This study employs bibliometric analysis to understand global scientific research on irAEs in cancer, focusing on characteristics and areas of interest. Additionally, a meta-analysis provides a comprehensive overview of irAEs in HCC patients receiving immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI)-based therapies. Methods: We conducted a thorough search of Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) publications from 1999 to 2022. R and VOSviewer software were used for analysis. A meta-analysis was performed using data from PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library databases up to March 22, 2022. Trials with HCC patients reporting irAE incidence were included. Quality assessment followed Cochrane risk of bias, Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS), and Methodological Index for Non-Randomized Studies (MINORS). We used random-effects or fixed-effects models based on I2 values. Primary outcomes included any-grade irAEs and grade ≥ 3 irAEs. This review and meta-analysis are registered in PROSPERO as CRD42022318885. Results: In bibliometric analysis, we included 2946 papers, showing a consistent rise in annual publications on irAEs in cancer research. Frequent keywords were “nivolumab”, “immune checkpoint inhibitor”, and “immune-related adverse event”. “Hepatocellular carcinoma” emerged as a prominent research focus linked to irAEs. We conducted a comprehensive meta-analysis on irAE incidence in HCC patients, including 29 studies. The overall incidence of any-grade irAEs was 61.0% (95% CI 38.5%-81.3%), and grade ≥ 3 irAEs was 13.2% (95% CI 7.9%-19.6%). Treatment-related mortality occurred in 3.1% (95% CI 0.8%-6.3%), with treatment discontinuation at 10.7% (95% CI 6.3%-16.0%). Reactive cutaneous capillary endothelial proliferation (RCCEP) was the most common any-grade irAE, while elevated aspartate aminotransferase (AST) was the most common grade ≥ 3 irAE. Treatment strategies were independently associated with specific irAEs, as indicated by multivariable analysis. Conclusion: This study provides valuable insights into the current research landscape of irAEs in cancer and offers a comprehensive overview of irAEs in HCC patients undergoing ICI-based therapy. The relatively high incidence of irAEs and their association with treatment strategies emphasize the need for careful management by clinicians when treating HCC patients. These findings offer significant guidance for optimizing care and treatment for HCC patients. © 2024 The author(s)	bibliometrics; hepatocellular carcinoma; immune checkpoint inhibitors; immune-related adverse events; single-arm meta-analysis
Ayub Y.; Ren J.	Revealing the synergistic effect of feedstock compositions and process parameters in co-pyrolysis: A review based on bibliometric analysis and experimental studies	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142540	Waste considers as a liability, but its potential as an asset can be achieved through proper valorization. This study analyzed one of the valorization process, ‘co-pyrolysis,’ using insights from the bibliometric analysis and experimental literature sources. The analysis primarily focuses on understanding the impact of process parameters, catalysts, and feedstock characteristics. The empirical findings highlight the significance of polymer-to-biomass ratios in feedstock, where a higher plastic content leads to increased oil production, while greater biomass ratios tend to enhance char generation. The effect of temperature and resident time on co-pyrolysis yield is also apparent. Specifically, high temperature and resident time result in better oil production and reduced char formation during co-pyrolysis. Optimal oil yield occurs with intermediate resident times of 50–100 min with higher temperatures ranging from 450 to 700 °C. While the prime conditions for optimal char yield ranges within a residence time of 30–60 min and temperatures 400–500 °C. Moreover, the introduction of catalysts into the reaction enhances both oil yield and quality within the co-pyrolysis process. However, challenges pertaining to feedstock availability and sorting remain significant hurdles. Hence, the outcome reveals that higher amount of plastic waste, with higher temperature and appropriate resident time can increase the amount of oil in the co-pyrolysis process. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Carbon neutrality; Co-pyrolysis process; Feedstocks synergy; Optimized parameters; Plastic waste
Lujue W.; Yuan L.; Tongxin N.; Jing D.; Yuxian S.; Xin Q.; Yunping L.	Bibliometric and visual analysis of intermittent exotropia based on CiteSpace; [基于 CiteSpace 的间歇性外斜视的文献计量学及可视化分析]	2024	International Eye Science	10.3980/j.issn.1672-5123.2024.6.07	AIM: To analyze the research status and future development trends of intermittent exotropia (IXT) by bibliometric study. • METHODS: Bibliometrics methods were used and the related literatures in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database from 2003 to 2022 were retrieved. CiteSpace6.2. R2 software was used to conduct visualized analysis of publications of one year, countries, institutions, journals, authors, references and keywords. • RESULTS: A total of 620 literatures on IXT were retrieved from 2003 to 2022, and there has been a progressive increase in the number of publications. South Korea and the United States, Mayo Clinc and Holmes JM were the most productive and impactful country, institution and author, respectively. The Journal of American Association for Pediatric Ophthalmology and Strabismus (J AAPOS) published the most manuscripts (78 publications) . The keywords with the strongest citation burst were surgery, epidemiology, alignment and recurrence. • CONCLUSION: Visualized analysis conducted by CiteSpace software could objectively show the quantity changes and distribution of literatures on IXT from 2003 to 2022. Furthermore, the research hotspot of IXT has gradually shifted from surgery and epidemiology to fusion and recurrence. © 2024 International Journal of Ophthalmology (c/o Editorial Office). All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; hotspots; intermittent exotropia; trends
Ferraz P.F.P.; Ferraz G.A.E.S.; Ferreira J.C.; Aguiar J.V.; Santana L.S.; Norton T.	Assessment of Ammonia Emissions and Greenhouse Gases in Dairy Cattle Facilities: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Animals	10.3390/ani14121721	A deeper understanding of gas emissions in milk production is crucial for promoting productive efficiency, sustainable resource use, and animal welfare. This paper aims to analyze ammonia and greenhouse gas emissions in dairy farming using bibliometric methods. A total of 187 English-language articles with experimental data from the Scopus and Web of Science databases (January 1987 to April 2024) were reviewed. Publications notably increased from 1997, with the highest number of papers published in 2022. Research mainly focuses on ammonia and methane emissions, including quantification, volatilization, and mitigation strategies. Other gases like carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and hydrogen sulfide were also studied. Key institutions include the University of California–Davis and Aarhus University. Bibliometric analysis revealed research evolution, identifying trends, gaps, and future research opportunities. This bibliometric analysis offers insights into emissions, air quality, sustainability, and animal welfare in dairy farming, highlighting areas for innovative mitigation strategies to enhance production sustainability. This research contributes to academia, enhancing agricultural practices, and informing environmental policies. It is possible to conclude that this research is a valuable tool for understanding the evolution of research on gas emissions in dairy cattle facilities, providing guidance for future studies and interventions to promote more sustainable production. © 2024 by the authors.	air pollution; dairy cow; environmental sustainability; systematic review
Tokur M.E.; Alkan S.	Bibliometric Analysis of Scientific Output Growth in the Field of Lung Transplantation	2024	Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgeon	10.1055/a-2161-0420	Background: Lung transplantation (LT) has recently emerged as a scientifically validated curative therapeutic modality for patients afflicted with end-stage lung disease. This study aimed to conduct a global bibliometric analysis of research articles on LT between 1983 and 2021. Methods: Employing the Web of Science database, a bibliometric analysis was conducted to assess the expansion of scientific output within the field of LT. We searched specific bibliometric characteristics such as language, and year of publication, first author, institutional affiliation, main publishing journals, and highly cited articles. Additionally, we made comparisons of the most productive countries. The VOSviewer program and the open-source visualization software Biblioshiny (version 2.0) were used to perform the bibliometric analysis. Results: We identified 10,467 articles on LT published between 1983 and 2021, of which 94.898% were published in the Science Citation Index Expanded. The articles were from 101 different research areas. The publications were from 81 different countries globally, and mostly from the United States (41.196%), Germany (7.118%), and Canada (6.372%). The Journal of Heart and Lung Transplantation was the most published journal. Four thousand seven hundred and ninety three of the publications were published in the last 10 years with a 78,781 citation number in total. The highest number of publications and citations was in 2021. Conclusion: The majority of cutting-edge research findings are focused on only a few developed nations, and exchanges with emerging nations are still in their infancy. The United States has a strong, commanding position among the active countries in LT.  © 2023. Thieme. All rights reserved.	benign or congenital lung lesions; heart-lung transplantation; lung transplantation
Berana Y.; Saleem M.W.; Ali H.; Mohmmed A.	Visualizing the Landscape and Evolution of Solar Energy-Integrated Desalination Systems via Scientometric Analysis	2024	Energies 	10.3390/en17122857	Rising population levels exert significant pressure on available freshwater resources. Scientists and researchers from various countries are diligently seeking a long-lasting solution using solar-powered desalination. This research paper investigates the current advancements in solar desalination research by utilizing the method of “scientometrics”. Scientometrics employs traditional methodologies, including bibliometrics, which entails quantifying the number of research papers published, and citation analysis, which involves examining the frequency with which other researchers cite these papers. By integrating these two approaches, scientometrics provides invaluable information about the most influential countries, institutions, and individual researchers in the field. Utilizing the software program VOSviewer, a comprehensive analysis was conducted on 1855 research papers published between 2010 and 2024. These papers were selected based on a predetermined set of ten key search terms. The results of the analysis indicate that China is the leading country in this field, as it boasts the highest number of published papers and the most citations received overall. Notably, Egyptian research institutions have been identified as the most influential in this area. Moreover, a single author has notably amassed 3419 citations for their 54 published works on solar desalination. This analysis unveiled past and contemporary advancements in the field and identified current trends through keyword analysis. It also offers recommendations based on bibliometric findings, including suggestions for addressing the challenges faced by solar-derived systems and addressing research area saturation. © 2024 by the authors.	citation analysis; membrane desalination; sustainable desalination system; VOSviewer
Nathan S.S.; Kamioka E.; Hanifa R.M.	Discovering the Global Landscape of Internet of Things (IoT) Studies for Blind Wearable Devices; A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Journal of Advanced Research in Applied Sciences and Engineering Technology	10.37934/araset.48.2.2938	This study explores the research trends and characteristics of the Internet of Things (IoT) in blind people’s wearable devices using bibliometrics analysis. The study aims to identify the publication types, countries, research subjects, and social impact of journal articles related to this topic. The researchers used Microsoft Excel for frequency analysis, VOSviewer for data visualization, and Harzing’s Publish or Perish for citation metrics and analysis. A total of 7870 articles from 2006 to March 2023 were retrieved and analysed from Scopus indexed database publications. The study found that India was the most active country in IoT research and China was the most active institution that published significant publications related to this research. The study has limitations due to the exclusivity of Scopus indexed publications, but the findings could assist researchers in the disabled or health area, especially in IoT, to identify future research directions. © 2025, Semarak Ilmu Publishing. All rights reserved.	bibliometric; blind; Internet of things; wearable
Jiménez-Franco L.E.	Cuban scientific production on surgery. A look from SCOPUS; [Producción científica cubana sobre cirugía. Una mirada desde SCOPUS]	2024	Revista Infodir	N/A	Introduction: scientific development within surgery has been marked with important contributions. Objective: characterize Cuban research on surgery published in Scopus. Method: an observational, descriptive, retrospective, cross-sectional and bibliometric research was developed. The universe was made up of 706 articles. Variables: number of articles, years of publication, type of articles, authors, most productive institutions and journals, thematic areas and terms in each research, number of citations and views received on the articles. Descriptive statistics and bibliometric indicators were used. Results: 2021 stood out with 115 jobs for 16.28%. A total of 1,768 citations were received and there were 3,406 authors. The original research presented 645 articles (91.35%). I highlight the Cuban Journal of Surgery and the University of Medical Sciences of Havana. The institutional collaboration manifested in 455 articles (64.4%) stood out. Research located in Q4 predominated with 443 works (62.74%). The area of medical sciences stood out with 697 articles (98.72%). 9 correlation clusters of the research terms were identified. Conclusions: Cuban scientific production on surgery during the period analyzed showed a broad and variable behavior in conjunction with the citations received; with an increasing trend in terms of the number of publications. At the same time, with a greater rise in institutions and journals of high prestige recognized on the basis of original research. In turn, the scientific panorama was directed to topics of interest, covering the branches of medical sciences. © 2024, Editorial Ciencias Medicas. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; General surgery, Cuba; Scientific production; Surgery
Rocha I.A.; Borges-Oliveira A.C.; Ribeiro-Lages M.; Oliveira M.G.; Marques A.M.; Freire-Maia J.; Maia L.C.; Martins-Junior P.A.; Serra-Negra J.M.	Juvenile language disorders and their interaction with dentistry: a bibliometric analysis; [Transtornos da linguagem juvenil e sua interação com a odontologia: uma análise bibliométrica]	2024	Acta odontologica latinoamericana	10.54589/aol.37/1/68	Language disorders may interfere with social integration and affect personal development. Because the balance of the stomatognathic system can interfere with language, it is important for speech therapy and dentistry to work together, providing multidisciplinary healthcare. Aim: To analyze the 100 most frequently cited articles on language disorders in children and adolescents and assess the interplay with dentistry by means of a bibliometric analysis. Materials and Method: A search of the 100 most frequently cited articles up to December 2021 on language disorders was performed in the Web of Science Core Collection database. Four researchers extracted the data on number of citations, title, authors, country, year of publication, journals, study design, prevalent clinical conditions, and area of expertise. The analyses were performed using VOSviewer and Excel. Results: The total number of citations ranged from 251 to 1,431. Four articles were cited more than 1,000 times. Bishop DVM (10 articles; 3,653 citations) and Tomblin JD (10 articles; 4,261 citations) were the most frequently cited authors. The institutions with the largest number of publications were the University of Oxford/England (11%) and the University of Kansas/USA (8%). Observational study design was the most frequent (77%). Autism spectrum disorder (18%) and dyslexia (14%) were the most broadly investigated clinical conditions. Speech-language pathology (32%) was the area of expertise with the largest number of articles, and none of the top 100 studies showed interplay with dentistry. Conclusion: The 100 most widely cited articles on language disorders are mostly observational, mainly address autism spectrum disorder, and are in the field of speech-language pathology. No study reported interplay with dentistry. © 2024, Acta Odontologica Latinoamericana. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics; communication disorders; dentistry; interdisciplinary research; language disorders
Garg R.; Bansal S.; Rathi R.; Bhowmick S.	Mindful consumption – A systematic review and research agenda	2024	Journal of Cleaner Production	10.1016/j.jclepro.2024.142373	Mindful consumption (MC) has ancient roots, but the scholarship has recently received industry and academic attention. This research examines MC through a hybrid systematic review, including a bibliometric analysis of 41 years with 368 papers from 196 journals and a TCCM analysis to add further depth. Results indicate that the field is still evolving and has been approached by multiple disciplines and methodologies. Further, bibliographic coupling analysis presents six emerging themes in MC research, such as MC conceptualization, responsible consumption, and responsible practices by firms. Finally, the paper proposes future avenues for research for the resultant clusters. © 2024 Elsevier Ltd	Bibliometric analysis; Hybrid review; Mindful consumption; Systematic literature review; TCCM framework
Segundo R.-F.; Magaly D.L.C.-N.; Luis C.-C.; Otiniano N.M.; Soto-Deza N.; Terrones-Rodriguez N.; Mayra D.L.C.-C.	Bibliometric Analysis: Use of Agricultural Waste in the Generation of Electrical Energy	2024	Processes	10.3390/pr12061178	Scientific reports have diversified enormously in the various thematic areas of the scientific world, generating errors and biases in the searches and directing the various investigations. For this reason, this article provides an approach, from the point of view of bibliometric analysis, to reveal the trends of agricultural waste for its potential use as fuel in generating electrical energy. This research has used the programs RStudio, VosViewer, and Excel for the compilation and analysis of data, whose data were extracted from Scopus during the period from 2013 to 15 March 2024, filtering all types of publications that were not original articles and English language. Scientific reports have found that biodigesters are constantly evolving, improving valves, studying and analyzing different types of agricultural waste, and using microorganisms to accelerate the fermentation process of agricultural waste. The terms biogas (330 occurrences), anaerobic digestion (214 occurrences), and agriculture (212 occurrences) were the words with the highest occurrences. At the same time, the author that stood out was Liu Y., who had an H index of 6 and 117 citations in his six articles published in the Scopus database. Moreover, China (1900 citations) was the country with the highest citation numbers, followed by the United States (1060 citations) and India (967 citations). The designs of biogas production increase efficiency and can increase biodigesters’ performance. The research also reveals the different types of development and trends that stood out and emerged in the last decade, such as the authors who have had the most impact on this topic that has recently emerged and the countries that have obtained the most significant number of publications on the topic. © 2024 by the authors.	agricultural waste; bibliometric analysis; biogas; electric power generation; sustainable energy production
Mustafa G.; Rauf A.; Afzal M.T.	MRET: Modified Recursive Elimination Technique for ranking author assessment parameters	2024	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0303105	In scientific research, assessing the impact and influence of authors is crucial for evaluating their scholarly contributions. Whereas in literature, multitudinous parameters have been developed to quantify the productivity and significance of researchers, including the publication count, citation count, well-known h index and its extensions and variations. However, with a plethora of available assessment metrics, it is vital to identify and prioritize the most effective metrics. To address the complexity of this task, we employ a powerful deep learning technique known as the Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) classifier for the classification and the ranking purposes. By leveraging the MLP's capacity to discern patterns within datasets, we assign importance scores to each parameter using the proposed modified recursive elimination technique. Based on the importance scores, we ranked these parameters. Furthermore, in this study, we put forth a comprehensive statistical analysis of the top-ranked author assessment parameters, encompassing a vast array of 64 distinct metrics. This analysis gives us treasured insights in between these parameters, shedding light on the potential correlations and dependencies that may affect assessment outcomes. In the statistical analysis, we combined these parameters by using seven wellknown statistical methods, such as arithmetic means, harmonic means, geometric means etc. After combining the parameters, we sorted the list of each pair of parameters and analyzed the top 10, 50, and 100 records. During this analysis, we counted the occurrence of the award winners. For experimental proposes, data collection was done from the field of Mathematics. This dataset consists of 525 individuals who are yet to receive their awards along with 525 individuals who have been recognized as potential award winners by certain well known and prestigious scientific societies belonging to the fields' of mathematics in the last three decades. The results of this study revealed that, in ranking of the author assessment parameters, the normalized h index achieved the highest importance score as compared to the remaining sixty-three parameters. Furthermore, the statistical analysis results revealed that the Trigonometric Mean (TM) outperformed the other six statistical models. Moreover, based on the analysis of the parameters, specifically the M Quotient and FG index, it is evident that combining these parameters with any other parameter using various statistical models consistently produces excellent results in terms of the percentage score for returning awardees.  © 2024 Mustafa et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
VERESOGLOU S.D.; CHEN J.	A perspective on greenhouse gas emission studies integrating arbuscular mycorrhiza	2024	Pedosphere	10.1016/j.pedsph.2023.01.001	Climate change is a global emergency. It is only possible to pace down global change through addressing the triggers of it, greenhouse gas emissions. Despite commendable progress, we think that there is plenty of room to further make the studies addressing global change realistic, through integrating into them biotic interactions. We make a case for this statement through a bibliometrics analysis on agricultural studies exploring greenhouse gas emissions that consider arbuscular mycorrhiza. We show that even though mycorrhizal studies account right now for a small fraction of the agricultural literature, they get cited more often. We further demonstrate that mycorrhizal studies are typically more descriptive in their nature, which we support through comparing the keywords they list. We subsequently use the opportunity to identify shortcomings and opportunities to further integrate mycorrhiza into agricultural studies assaying greenhouse gas emissions. We finally make a call to better integrate arbuscular mycorrhiza into global change studies. © 2024 Soil Science Society of China	bibliometric analysis; biochemical models; global change biology; Glomeromycota; sustainable agricultural intensification
Stachura A.; Banaszek Ł.; Włodarski P.K.	Expert-guided evaluation of medical research may promote publishing low-quality studies and increase research waste: A comparative analysis of Journal Impact Factor and Polish expert-based journal ranking list	2024	Journal of Evidence-Based Medicine	10.1111/jebm.12615	[No abstract available]	N/A
Zhao G.; Wang Y.; Wang S.; Li N.	A glimpse into the future: mapping global research trends in immunotherapy for rare tumors	2024	Journal of the National Cancer Center	10.1016/j.jncc.2023.11.002	[No abstract available]	N/A
Yan G.; Gong P.; Zhang F.; Tan Q.; Song Q.; Shen G.	Visualization analysis of research status and hotspots of Paeoniae Radix Alba based on CiteSpace and VOSviewer; [基于 CiteSpace 和 VOSviewer 的白芍研究现状及研究热点可视化分析]	2024	Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs	10.7501/j.issn.0253-2670.2024.11.022	Objective To analyze the research status and predict future research hotspots and development trends of Baishao (Paeoniae Radix Alba) based on CiteSpace and VOSviewer bibliometric methods. Methods The relevant articles of Paeoniae Radix Alba were retrieved from the CNKI, Wanfang Data, and Web of Science databases, and importing them into NoteExpress to remove duplicate literature and unqualified literature, and unify keywords. The Excel, CiteSpace, and VOSviewer software were used to visually analyze the publication volume, publication journal, publication author, publication institution, publication country, citation frequency, and keywords of Chinese and English literature. Results A total of 4 046 qualified literature were retrieved, including 3 334 Chinese literature and 712 English literature. The overall annual publication volume of Paeoniae Radix Alba showed an upward trend. The institutions with the highest number of publications were Beijing University of Chinese Medicine (76 articles) and Yangzhou University (73 articles), respectively. The authors with the highest number of publications were Wei Wei (24 articles) and Tao Jun (66 articles). The main countries conducting research on Paeoniae Radix Alba were China, and the most widely published Chinese and English journals were Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs and Journal of Ethnopharmacology. The top 10 cited Chinese and English literature mainly focued on the research direction of the pharmacological effects and mechanisms of Paeoniae Radix Alba, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antidepressant, analgesic, and other. Conclusion The research hotspots of Paeoniae Radix Alba are focused on data mining, formula formation rules, pharmacological effects and mechanisms of Paeoniae Radix Alba and its pharmacological components, especially in the anti-oxidation, anti-inflammation, neuroprotection, anti-depression, regulation of intestinal flora and other aspects of the mechanism of the main research trends in the future. © 2024 Editorial Office of Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs. All rights reserved.	anti-depression; anti-inflammation; anti-oxidation; bibliometrics; CiteSpace; neuroprotection; Paeoniae Radix Alba; regulation of intestinal flora; VOSviewer
Odeh A.; Al-Shugaa M.A.; Al-Gahtani H.J.; Mukhtar F.	Analysis of Laminated Composite Plates: A Comprehensive Bibliometric Review	2024	Buildings	10.3390/buildings14061574	Laminated composite plates have become a crucial point of interest in the industry, with the need to ensure sustained and stable structures throughout the plates’ lifespan. This study conducted a bibliometric analysis using the Scopus database, gathering 8221 documents for further scrutiny based on the linked meta-data. Utilizing the VOS viewer software version 1.6.19, maps were generated from scientific publishing network data, illustrating connections between researchers’ nations and keywords. The investigation into co-occurring phrases associated with laminated composite plates employed author keywords. The results reveal a significant and close relationship among top authors, suggesting a strong research connection, with the United States and China leading the field. Top cited documents and keyword correlations are examined to gauge current research interests. These critical reviews serve as essential resources for scholars and practitioners in the field. Additionally, the review discusses the advancements in and practical applications of different theories for laminated composite plates, with a focus on a bibliometric study using the Scopus database. This paper categorizes models within the context of an equivalent single-layer laminate, analyzing variations in established theories and methodologies for modeling laminated composite plates to offer a nuanced understanding of approaches and assessments in this field. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; equivalent single-layer theories; laminated composite plates; Scopus database
Zhang X.; Liu W.; Lu J.; Tanveer M.; Qi Z.; Fu C.; Xie H.; Zhuang L.; Hu Z.	Current research hotspots and frontier trends on carbon budget of coastal wetlands: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Water Science and Technology	10.2166/wst.2024.171	Coastal wetlands are the main distribution of blue carbon in coastal zones and well known for their high carbon sequestration capacity. Investigating the variation of carbon budget is crucial for understanding the functionality of coastal wetlands and effectively addressing climate change. In this study, a bibliometric analysis of 4,509 articles was conducted to reveal research progress, hot issues, and emerging trends in the coastal wetland carbon budget field. The number of publications and citations in this field increased exponentially from 1991 to 2022. The leading subject category was Environmental Sciences with 1,844 articles (40.9%). At present, studies have been focused on blue carbon, the effects of climate change and man-made disturbances on carbon cycle, and the restoration of coastal wetlands. Based on the hotspots and trends in this field, the future researches should include (1) exploring the functional mechanisms of various factors affecting carbon cycle and establishing a methodological system for the estimation of blue carbon in coastal wetlands; (2) researching restoration techniques of coastal wetland and constructing wetland restoration evaluation index system; and (3) formulating enforceable carbon trading policy and strengthening international cooperation. © 2024 The Authors.	bibliometrics; blue carbon; carbon cycle; coastal wetlands; restoration techniques
Durden-Myers E.J.	Advancing Physical Literacy Research in Children	2024	Children	10.3390/children11060702	The collection of papers in this Special Issue serves to extend the literature and evidence base for physical literacy (PL) research within child and youth populations. Currently, child and youth populations are increasingly sedentary, resulting in them spending less time engaging in daily physical activity (PA). Physical literacy serves as an attractive concept to help reframe and address physical inactivity and poor health and wellbeing, utilising a different and integrated approach to physical activity, health and wellbeing promotion. The studies presented in this Special Issue respond to previous calls in PL research for further empirical evidence, clarity around PL assessment, the utility of physical literacy with diverse populations including indigenous children and those with disabilities, the application of PL within early years, parental engagement and the role of physical education in the promotion of PL. These studies shed new light on the frontiers of PL research within child and youth populations. © 2024 by the author.	assessment; children; disability; health and wellbeing; indigenous; parents; physical education; physical literacy; youth
Wu Q.; Cao Y.; Yu T.; Yang J.; Fan S.; Feng C.; Liu Z.; Huang C.	A Scientometric Analysis and Visualization of Forest Soil Contamination Research from Global Perspectives	2024	Forests	10.3390/f15061068	Forest soil contamination is a significant problem with risks to ecosystems and human health. It reduces soil quality, hampers plant growth, and disrupts ecosystems. To understand current research and identify future directions, this study analyzed 2659 documents on forest soil contamination published on the Web of Science from 1970 to 2023. Using bibliometrics, this study systematically analyzed the knowledge structure, research hotspots, and development trends in forest soil pollution. China, the United States, and Poland were the top contributors, with 11.28%, 8.42%, and 7.15% of publications, respectively. Despite fewer publications, the Netherlands and Sweden had significant research influence. The Chinese Academy of Sciences had the most publications. The primary research topics included heavy metals, ecosystems, deposition, air pollution, and organic matter. Keyword cluster and burst analysis highlighted the importance of heavy metals, microbial communities, atmospheric deposition, and organic matter. Notably, microplastics emerged as a notable gap in the existing research by highly cited papers analysis, indicating they can be a future research focus. Overall, this paper provides a comprehensive analysis of forest soil contamination, offering insights into current research themes and emerging trends. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; forest; soil contamination; visualization
Ye Z.; Li Z.; Zhong S.; Xing Q.; Li K.; Sheng W.; Shi X.; Bao Y.	The recent two decades of traumatic brain injury: a bibliometric analysis and systematic review	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001367	BACKGROUND: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a serious public health burden worldwide, with a mortality rate of 20-30%; however, reducing the incidence and mortality rates of TBI remains a major challenge. This study provides a multidimensional analysis to explore the potential breakthroughs in TBI over the past two decades. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The authors used bibliometric and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) analyses to analyze publications focusing on TBI published between 2003 and 2022 from the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database to identify core journals and collaborations among countries/regions, institutions, authors, and research trends. RESULTS: Over the past 20 years, 41 545 articles on TBI from 3043 journals were included, with 12 916 authors from 20 449 institutions across 145 countries/regions. The annual number of publications has increased 10-fold compared to previous publications. This study revealed that high-income countries, especially the United States, have a significant influence. Collaboration was limited to several countries/regions. The LDA results indicated that the hotspots included four main areas: 'Clinical finding', 'Molecular mechanism', 'Epidemiology', and 'Prognosis'. Epidemiological research has consistently increased in recent years. Through epidemiological topic analysis, the main etiology of TBI has shifted from traffic accidents to falls in a demographically aging society. CONCLUSION: Over the past two decades, TBI research has developed rapidly, and its epidemiology has received increasing attention. Reducing the incidence of TBI from a preventive perspective is emerging as a trend to alleviate the future social burden; therefore, epidemiological research might bring breakthroughs in TBI. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	N/A
Espinoza-Carhuancho F.; Medina J.; Mauricio-Vilchez C.; Galarza-Valencia D.; Mauricio F.; Quispe-Vicuña C.; Mayta-Tovalino F.	Overview, Trends and Mapping of The Scientific Production on Childhood Tuberculosis: A Scientometric Study	2024	National Journal of Community Medicine	10.55489/njcm.150620243885	Background: Tuberculosis in children is highly prevalent and is considered community transmission by an infected adult. This study analyzed childhood tuberculosis literature from 2018 to 2023 on Scopus. Methodology: The study was an observational, retrospective design with a bibliometric approach focusing on the scientific production on childhood tuberculosis. A trend analysis and mapping of the literature published in Scopus was performed. The following selection criteria were applied: All types of papers published in Scopus during the study period were included. Papers published between 2018 and 2023 were included. Papers had to be focused on childhood tuberculosis. Results: Antoni Diez Noguera-Julián from SJD Barcelona Children’s Hospital had a field-weighted citation impact of 10.89. Anneke Catharina Hesseling and James Alexander Seddon had the highest output. The University of Melbourne and the University of Barcelona had high field-weighted citation impacts. Despite the United States’ high production, Spain and Australia showed significant influence. The “International Journal of Tuberculosis and Lung Disease” led in production. Conclusions: A bibliometric study on childhood tuberculosis literature from 2018-2023 highlighted Antoni Diez Noguera-Julián’s significant citation impact and the high output of Anneke Catharina Hesseling and James Alexander Seddon. Despite the U.S.'s high production, Spain and Australia showed significant influence. © 2024, MedSci Publications. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; Childhood; Children; Tuberculosis
Yao Y.; Liu Y.; Yang T.; Lu B.; Yang X.; Zhang H.; Zhao Z.; Huang R.; Zhou W.; Pan X.; Cui X.	Tracing the evolving dynamics and research hotspots in the kidney neoplasm and nephron sparing surgery field from the past to the new era	2024	Cancer Medicine	10.1002/cam4.7336	Background: With increasing detection of small renal masses and accumulating evidence that nephron sparing surgery (NSS) could achieve oncological equivalence and functional superiority compared with radical nephrectomy (RN), NSS has become first-line therapy for some patients with localized renal masses. Objective: This study aims to review the publications in the kidney neoplasm and NSS field, exploring the research hotspots. Method: Kidney neoplasm and NSS related publications before July 3th 2023 were obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection database. We then used bibliometric analysis to conduct performance analysis, citation analysis and co-citation network of publications, together with keyword co-occurrence analysis. Results: Seven thousand five hundred and sixty-four documents were finally retrieved, and the annual publications increased exponentially. The most productive authors were “KAOUK JH” and “GILL IS”, while USA, and 12 American affiliations such as CLEVELAND CLINIC FOUNDATION and MAYO CLINIC were far leading in this field. Journal of Urology and European Urology were journals with the highest citations and h-index. Discussion: Through literature reviewing plus co-occurrence and clustering analysis, the therapeutic effects of partial nephrectomy (PN) versus RN on patients with localized renal cell carcinoma, different operative approaches of PN, and conservative NSS methods were deemed as the most focused topics. Conclusion: Three aspects were the most important hotspots in this field. Firstly, how to provide the optimal management choices for different patients. Secondly, therapeutic effects of different management options and surgical techniques needed more prospective and randomized studies. Finally, more novel technologies and surgical techniques were required. © 2024 The Author(s). Cancer Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric analysis; ischemia; kidney neoplasm; nephron sparing surgery; partial nephrectomy; radical nephrectomy; renal cell carcinoma; renal function
Fernandes G.V.O.; Fernandes J.C.H.	GFsa (GF “Scientific Age”) Index Application for Assessment of 1020 Highly Cited Researchers in Dentistry: A Pilot Study Comparing GFsa Index and H-Index	2024	Publications	10.3390/publications12020018	Objective: The goal of this pilot study was to present a new index system (GFsa©) based on two variables, the total citations and “scientific age”, to evaluate the best-ranked researchers in dentistry. Methods: All researchers included were cited in the AD Scientific Index (2024, dentistry field) and had their Google Scholar page accessible for a manual consultation. Two authors retrieved this information. A dataset was prepared (name, H-index, i10 index, and publications). The formula applied was GFsa = (total number of citations)/(“scientific age”)2. The Pearson correlation statistically evaluated the data obtained; the confidence interval was 95%. Results: A total of 1020 were included. The mean “scientific age” was 34.18 ± 13.34. The GFsa© index was calculated, presenting a minimum value of 0.2186 and a maximum of 154.8. The data were organized and sorted following the ranking obtained. The Pearson correlation showed that the H-index had a weakly positive association with the researcher’s “scientific age”; thus, the H-index increased according to the increase in “scientific age”. By contrast, a moderately negative correlation between GFsa and “scientific age” was demonstrated. Moreover, a positive correlation was observed between both indexes. Conclusions: The variable reported (“Scientific age”) provided a better evaluation among the researchers in dentistry. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; citation; dentistry; ranking
Huang W.; Xiao Y.; Li X.; Wu C.; Zhang C.; Wang X.	Bibliometric analysis of research hotspots and trends in the field of volatile organic compound (VOC) emission accounting	2024	Environmental Science and Pollution Research	10.1007/s11356-024-33896-5	Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) have been extensively studied because of their significant roles as precursors of atmospheric ozone and secondary organic aerosol pollution. The research aims to comprehend the current advancements in domestic and international VOC emission accounting. The study utilized the CiteSpace software to represent the pertinent material from Web of Science visually. The hot spots and future development trends of VOC emission calculation are analyzed from the perspectives of thesis subject words, cooperative relationships, co-citation relationships, journals, and core papers. According to the statistics, the approaches most often employed in VOC accounting between 2013 and 2023 are source analysis and emission factor method. Atmospheric environment is the journal with the most publications in the area. The Chinese Academy of Sciences and the University of Colorado System are prominent institutions in VOC emission accounting research, both domestically and internationally. The primary research focuses on the realm of VOC emission accounting clusters, which are “emission factor,” “source analysis,” “model,” “air quality,” and “health.” A current trend in VOC emission accounting involves the construction of a VOC emission inventory using a novel model that combines emission factors and source analysis. This study reviews the progress made in calculating volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions over the past decade. It aims to provide researchers with a new perspective to promote the development of this field. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; Climate change; Visualization; Volatile organic compounds accounting
Xu P.; Jia Z.; Ning H.; Wang J.	Global Bibliometric Analysis of Research on the Application of Unconventional Water in Agricultural Irrigation	2024	Water (Switzerland)	10.3390/w16121698	The development and utilization of unconventional water resources has become a strategy to alleviate the agricultural water crisis in many countries and regions. To understand the research progress, hot spots, and future trends in the field of unconventional water agricultural irrigation (UWAI), this paper systematically analyzes 6738 publications based on the core database of Web of Science 1990–2023 using the scientific bibliometric analysis software CiteSpace, VOSviewer, and Scimago Graphica. The results showed that the research on UWAI is always rapidly developing. Soil science, crop science, and bioengineering are the main disciplines involved. Most research on WUAI has occurred in China and the United States. Countries with higher levels of development tend to have more influence. Collaboration among authors is fragmented, and collaboration between authors and states needs to be strengthened. Through keyword analysis, the research hotspots are summarized as follows: (1) The effects of traditional and emerging pollutants brought by unconventional water irrigation on soil physicochemical properties, crop growth, and groundwater quality; (2) the health threats caused by pollutants entering the food chain and groundwater; (3) unconventional water utilization technologies, including rainwater harvesting agriculture, precision agriculture, and urban agriculture. Future research hotspots will focus on the mechanisms of pollutant solute transport and transformation in the water–soil–crop system under non-conventional water irrigation conditions and crop physiological responses. We suggest that the research on traditional and emerging pollutants in unconventional water should be strengthened in the future, and the risk control system of unconventional water irrigation should be improved. International cooperation should be strengthened, especially with poor countries in arid regions, to promote the formation of unified international standards and guidelines for non-conventional water irrigation in agriculture. © 2024 by the authors.	agricultural irrigation; CiteSpace; scientific bibliometric analysis; unconventional water; VOSviewer
Xu Z.; Shi C.	Visual analysis of postoperative nursing study of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation; [主动脉内球囊反搏术后护理研究的可视化分析]	2024	Chinese Journal of Practical Nursing	10.3760/cma.j.cn211501-20231025-00837	Objective To analyze the research hotspot and development trend of postoperative nursing of intra- aortic balloon counterpulsation in order to provide reference for the development of postoperative nursing research of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation in China. Methods Using the core collection of CNKI and Web of Science as the search database, literature related to postoperative nursing of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation from January 1, 1993 to August 31, 2023 was searched, and visualized analysis of the included literature was performed using CiteSpace 6.2.R4 software. Results A total of 723 Chinese articles and 346 English articles were included. The annual number of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation nursing increased significantly, and in 2022, Chinese and English documents was 42 and 33 respectively; there were 9 clusters and 8 emerging keywords in Chinese literature; 6 clusters and 14 emerging keywords in English literature. The research hotspots were balloon catheter care, complication care and combined application care with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. Conclusions Compared with foreign countries, the scope and depth of post-operative nursing research on intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation in China need to be further expanded, and it is still necessary to grasp the foreign research frontiers and improve the quality of post- operative nursing to promote the development of post-operative nursing research on intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation in China. © 2024 Chinese Medical Journals Publishing House Co.Ltd. All rights reserved.	Bibliometrics; CiteSpace; Intra- aortic balloon pumping; Postoperative nursing; Visual analysis
Cuellar-Pompa L.; Rodríguez-Gómez J.Á.; Novo-Muñoz M.M.; Rodríguez-Novo N.; Rodríguez-Novo Y.M.; Martínez-Alberto C.-E.	Description and Analysis of Research on Death and Dying during the COVID-19 Pandemic, Published in Nursing Journals Indexed in SCOPUS	2024	Nursing Reports	10.3390/nursrep14020050	Aim: To offer an overall picture of the research published regarding the different aspects of death and dying during the COVID-19 pandemic in journals covering the field of nursing in the Scopus database. Design: bibliometric analysis. Methods: The metadata obtained were exported from Scopus for subsequent analysis through Bibliometrix. Using the VOSviewer co-word analysis function, the conceptual and thematic structure of the publications was identified. Results: A total of 119 papers were retrieved, with the participation of 527 authors. The publications were found in 71 journals covering the nursing area. The main lines of research revolved around the keywords “palliative care” and “end-of-life care” in regard to the ethical, psychological, and organizational challenges faced by the health professionals who cared for these patients. Conclusion: The results obtained offer a range of data and images that characterize the scientific production published on this topic, coming to the conclusion that, due to the multifaceted and multidisciplinary approach to the experience of death, care, and accompaniment in the dying process, bibliometric maps improve the comprehensive understanding of the semantic and conceptual structure of this field of research. This study was retrospectively registered with the OSF Registries on the 14 March 2024. © 2024 by the authors.	attitude to death; bibliometrics; death; knowledge discovery; nurses; palliative care
Chen T.-A.; Lin M.-H.; Chen Y.-C.; Chen T.-J.	The Time from Submission to Publication in Primary Health Care Journals: A Cross-Sectional Study	2024	Publications	10.3390/publications12020013	Background: The time from submission to publication can significantly impact the speed of knowledge dissemination and is influenced by multiple factors. This research aims to investigate the time from submission to publication of journals of primary health care and to explore the factors that influence this duration. Methods: We selected journals of primary health care and extracted their impact factors, annual publication frequencies, and open access status. The time from submission to acceptance (SA lag), acceptance to publication (AP lag), and submission to publication (SP lag) were calculated. Additionally, we conducted statistical analyses to determine whether impact factors, annual publication frequencies, and journal open access status had an influence on publication time. Results: This study revealed the average SP lag was 243.4 days (interquartile range, IQR 159–306), the average SA lag was 177.8 days (IQR 99–229.3), and the average AP lag was 65.6 days (IQR 14–101). Variations were observed in SP lag, SA lag, and AP lag among different journals. SP lag generally decreased with higher impact factors. Journals with open access had longer SA lag but shorter AP lag. There was a general trend of decreasing SP lag and SA lag with an increasing number of annual publications, but no clear trend was observed for AP lag. Conclusions: Improvements are needed in reducing the duration from submission to publication for primary health care journals. Significant variation exists among journals. Additionally, factors such as the impact factor, open access status, and the number of annual publications may influence publication speed. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; health professional education; primary health care; publication time
Yang F.; Jin F.; Song N.; Jiang W.; Bai M.; Fu C.; Lu J.; Li Y.; Li Z.	Research Progress and Perspectives on Wastewater-Based Epidemiology: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Water (Switzerland)	10.3390/w16121743	Wastewater-based epidemiology (WBE) evaluates the health status, environmental exposure, and lifestyle habits of community inhabitants through the investigation of chemical or biological markers present in urban wastewater systems. This approach is frequently employed in discerning drug abuse, disease prevalence, and the presence of environmental contaminants. To comprehend the current state and developmental trajectories in WBE research, the current study utilizes the source literature of the Web of Science Core Collection (WOSCC) database. Implementing the Bibliometrix toolkit in R language and employing CiteSpace and VOSviewer for bibliometric analysis, this investigative pursuit effectuates an all-encompassing evaluation of the WBE literature, traversing a substantial time span of 16 years, encompassing 2008 through 2023. The results of this bibliometric analysis illuminate annual propensities and disciplinary distribution related to WBE research, while discerning the most impactful and prolific contributors, including authors, institutions, countries, and scholarly journals. The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic has engendered the expedited progression of WBE, leading to a substantial escalation in research endeavors in the past three years. By meticulously evaluating highly-cited publications, co-occurrence network of keywords, and keyword burst analysis, it is concluded that the research hotspots in this field focus on the monitoring of illicit drugs, psychoactive substances, and viruses in sewage. Subsequent investigations possess the capacity to propel the advancement of emerging methodologies for biomarker identification and analytical techniques. By concurrently integrating big data technologies (including artificial intelligence and cloud computing) with epidemiological and clinical data sets, a more expansive, precise, and efficacious rendition of WBE research can be realized. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; illicit drug; knowledge mapping; virus; wastewater based epidemiology
Abín A.; Pasarín-Lavín T.; Areces D.; Rodríguez C.; Núñez J.C.	The Emotional Impact of Family Involvement during Homework in Children with Neurodevelopmental Disorders: A Systematic Review	2024	Children	10.3390/children11060713	Neurodevelopmental disorders can be studied from two distinct perspectives: an internal approach, which examines the causes and consequences of these disorders; and a contextual approach, which considers the role of the family in the lives of children and adolescents. Research has demonstrated that the most significant form of family involvement in families raising a child with NDD is through homework. This involvement has been shown to have an emotional impact on children with neurodevelopmental disorders such as ADHD or dyslexia. The objective of this study is to review published articles on homework and neurodevelopmental disorders, with particular attention to the role of the family and the emotional health of children and families. Method: The review followed the PRISMA guidelines. The final sample consisted of 11 articles, with samples ranging from less than 30 participants to more than 100 at the international level. Results: The results demonstrate the complex methodological and bibliometric picture of the final sample, as well as the many emotional and contextual variables that influence the relationship between homework and neurodevelopmental disorders. Conclusions: Future research should consider how emotional health affects the engagement of families with children with neurodevelopmental disorders. © 2024 by the authors.	contextual variables; emotional variables; family involvement; homework; neurodevelopmental disorders
Ji Y.; An Q.; Wen X.; Xu Z.; Xia Z.; Xia Z.; Hu Q.; Lei S.	Liver cancer from the perspective of single-cell sequencing: a review combined with bibliometric analysis	2024	Journal of Cancer Research and Clinical Oncology	10.1007/s00432-024-05855-7	Background: Liver cancer (LC) is a prevalent malignancy and a leading cause of cancer-related mortality worldwide. Extensive research has been conducted to enhance patient outcomes and develop effective prevention strategies, ranging from molecular mechanisms to clinical interventions. Single-cell sequencing, as a novel bioanalysis technology, has significantly contributed to the understanding of the global cognition and dynamic changes in liver cancer. However, there is a lack of bibliometric analysis in this specific research area. Therefore, the objective of this study is to provide a comprehensive overview of the knowledge structure and research hotspots in the field of single-cell sequencing in liver cancer research through the use of bibliometrics. Method: Publications related to the application of single-cell sequencing technology to liver cancer research as of December 31, 2023, were searched on the web of science core collection (WoSCC) database. VOSviewers, CiteSpace, and R package “bibliometrix” were used to conduct this bibliometric analysis. Results: A total of 331 publications from 34 countries, primarily led by China and the United States, were included in this study. The research focuses on the application of single cell sequencing technology to liver cancer, and the number of related publications has been increasing year by year. The main research institutions involved in this field are Fudan University, Sun Yat-Sen University, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Frontiers in Immunology and Nature Communications is the most popular journal in this field, while Cell is the most frequently co-cited journal. These publications are authored by 2799 individuals, with Fan Jia and Zhou Jian having the most published papers, and Llovet Jm being the most frequently co-cited author. The use of single cell sequencing to explore the immune microenvironment of liver cancer, as well as its implications in immunotherapy and chemotherapy, remains the central focus of this field. The emerging research hotspots are characterized by keywords such as 'Gene-Expression', 'Prognosis', 'Tumor Heterogeneity', 'Immunoregulation', and 'Tumor Immune Microenvironment'. Conclusion: This is the first bibliometric study that comprehensively summarizes the research trends and developments on the application of single cell sequencing in liver cancer. The study identifies recent research frontiers and hot directions, providing a valuable reference for researchers exploring the landscape of liver cancer, understanding the composition of the immune microenvironment, and utilizing single-cell sequencing technology to guide and enhance the prognosis of liver cancer patients. © The Author(s) 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Hepatocellular carcinoma; Immunotherapy; Liver cancer; Single cell sequencing; Tumor immune microenvironment
Yang J.; Ren J.; Yu W.	Research progress on urban climate and human settlement environment from the perspective of Local Climate Zone; [局地气候分区视角下城市气候与人居环境研究进展]	2024	Shengtai Xuebao	10.20103/j.stxb.202310222297	"Urban climate and human settlement environment interact with each other. Local Climate Zone (LCZ) promotes the description of urban morphology and the exploration of climate change, and provides a unified framework for the urban climate and human settlement environment studies. Much of the academic research has focused on urban thermal environment and climate risk, and is developing towards multi-factor climate simulation and consideration of socio-economic factors. This study reviewed themes, methods and main conclusions, found that "" local climate zone"", "" urban heat island"", "" land surface temperature"", "" management"" and "" community"" appeared most frequently. Using the bibliometrics and thematic analysis methods, the progress of urban climate and human settlements research from 2012 to June 2023 in terms of LCZ mapping, interactions, and adaptive strategies is compiled and summarized, and future research priorities are prospected. The results showed that (1) LCZ studies have been carried out in more than 280 cities around the world, and the popularization of LCZ global dataset has expanded the research scale and enriched the research content; (2) Most studies have analyzed the spatio-temporal characteristics of climate factors dominated by urban wind / thermal environment on the local scale, explored the causes of heterogeneity and their mechanism on human settlements, and revealed the importance of urban blue-green space for mitigation strategies such as optimizing cooling effect, preventing and controlling heat sources. Since 2018, LCZ thermal environment research had been diversified, and the research area had begun to appear metropolitan areas or urban agglomerations; (3) LCZ can assist in identifying areas of extreme exposure and vulnerability in human settlements. Recent studies tend to look for adaptive strategies in climate / ecological risk assessment and pay more attention to vulnerable and low-income populations. This review will be conducive to the macro-grasp of the research status and development trend, and provide ideas for subsequent research. © 2024 Science Press. All rights reserved."	adaptive strategy; human settlement environment; local climate zone; thermal risk; urban climate
Sofi-Mahmudi A.; Shamsoddin E.; DeTora L.M.; Bierer B.E.; Ekmekci P.E.; Folayan M.O.; Lii C.S.; Tovani-Palone M.R.; Crawley F.P.	An investigation into gender distributions in scholarly publications among dental faculty members in Iran	2024	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0300698	Background Research on gender inequality is crucial as it unveils the pervasive disparities that persist across various domains, shedding light on societal imbalances and providing a foundation for informed policy-making. Aim To investigate gender differences in scientometric indices among faculty members in dental schools across Iran. This included overall data and speciality-specific data. Methods The publication profiles of academic staff in all dental schools were examined using the Iranian Scientometric Information Database (ISID, http://isid.research.ac.ir). Variables analyzed were working field, academic degree, the total number of papers, papers per year, total number of citations, percentage of self-citation, h-index, g-index, citations per paper, gender, university type, number of years publishing, proportion of international papers, first-author papers, and corresponding-author papers. Mann-Whitney and Kruskal-Wallis nonparametric tests were used to analyze the relationship between background characteristics and scientometric indicators. The extracted data were analyzed using R v4.0.1. Results The database included 1850 faculty members, of which about 60% (1104 of 1850) were women. Men (n = 746) had a higher number of papers (6583 vs. 6255) and citations (60410 vs. 39559) compared with women; 234 of the 376 faculty members with no papers were women. Almost half of the women (N = 517 of 1104) were in Type 2 universities, and nearly half of the men (N = 361 of the 746) were faculty members at Type 1 universities (Type 1 universities ranking higher than Type 2 and 3 universities). The medians of scientometric indices were higher in men, except for self-citation percentage (0 (IQR = 2) vs. 0 (IQR = 3), P = 0.083), international papers percentage (0 (IQR = 7.5) vs. 0 (IQR = 16.7), P<0.001). The proportion of corresponding-author papers was more than 62% higher in women (25 (IQR = 50) vs. 15.4 (IQR = 40), P<0.001). Men had a two-fold higher median h-index (2 (IQR = 4) vs. 1 (IQR = 3), P<0.001). Restorative dentistry and pediatric dentistry had the highest men-to-women ratios (1.5 for both). Dental materials and oral and maxillofacial surgery showed the lowest men-to-women ratios (0.42 and 0.5, respectively). Conclusions Women made up the majority of dental faculty members in Iran. Nevertheless, men showed better scientometric results in several significant indices. Having identified scientometric information reflecting differences across faculty members, further research is now needed to better understand the drivers of these differences. © 2024 Sofi-Mahmudi et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	N/A
Huang H.; Zhao W.; Qin N.; Duan X.	Recent Progress on Physiologically Based Pharmacokinetic (PBPK) Model: A Review Based on Bibliometrics	2024	Toxics	10.3390/toxics12060433	Physiologically based pharmacokinetic/toxicokinetic (PBPK/PBTK) models are designed to elucidate the mechanism of chemical compound action in organisms based on the physiological, biochemical, anatomical, and thermodynamic properties of organisms. After nearly a century of research and practice, good results have been achieved in the fields of medicine, environmental science, and ecology. However, there is currently a lack of a more systematic review of progress in the main research directions of PBPK models, especially a more comprehensive understanding of the application in aquatic environmental research. In this review, a total of 3974 articles related to PBPK models from 1996 to 24 March 2024 were collected. Then, the main research areas of the PBPK model were categorized based on the keyword co-occurrence maps and cluster maps obtained by CiteSpace. The results showed that research related to medicine is the main application area of PBPK. Four major research directions included in the medical field were “drug assessment”, “cross-species prediction”, “drug–drug interactions”, and “pediatrics and pregnancy drug development”, in which “drug assessment” accounted for 55% of the total publication volume. In addition, bibliometric analyses indicated a rapid growth trend in the application in the field of environmental research, especially in predicting the residual levels in organisms and revealing the relationship between internal and external exposure. Despite facing the limitation of insufficient species-specific parameters, the PBPK model is still an effective tool for improving the understanding of chemical–biological effectiveness and will provide a theoretical basis for accurately assessing potential risks to ecosystems and human health. The combination with the quantitative structure–activity relationship model, Bayesian method, and machine learning technology are potential solutions to the previous research gaps. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; CiteSpace; PBPK model; risk assessment; species-specific parameter
Attia H.; Rejaibi S.; Wechtati G.; Mrabet A.; Borsali-Falfoul N.; Chadli A.	Doctoral theses at the medical faculty of Tunis from 2015 to 2017: Scientific publication rates and associated factors	2024	Tunisie Medicale 	10.62438/tunismed.v102i6.4958	"Introduction: Medical doctoral thesis publication is a way to ensure knowledge dissemination and to increase the scientific research visibility. Aim: To determine thesis-related publication's rate at the Faculty of Medicine of Tunis (FMT), and identify associated factors. Methods: Cross-sectional retrospective study including medical theses registered at the FMT over the study period (2015-2017). All publications related to the defended thesis were collated by scanning Scopus and Google scholar databases, up to April 2022. Binary logistic regression was performed to assess associated factors to publication. Adjusted Odds Ratios (AOR) were presented with 95% confidence interval. Results: Out of 878 defended theses, 11.8% (n=104) were published. Out of 130 publications in total, 90 (69.2%) interested Scopus-indexed journals with a mean Scimago Journal Rank (SJR) of 0.70. The publication was in English in 73.1% of cases. The median time between the thesis defense and the first scientific publication was 15 months. In multivariable analysis, associated factors to ""at least one thesis-related publication"" were the resident status of the candidate (AOR=2.35 [1.2-4.7]) and the grade assistant professor of the thesis supervisor (AOR=2.48 [1.1-5.6]). Conclusion: Compared to the number of defended theses, the thesis-related publication's rate at the FMT is relatively low. Thus, enhanced support for doctoral students to optimize their engagement in research and to consequently promote scientific publication is highly recommended. © 2024 Societe Tunisienne des Sciences Medicales. All rights reserved."	abstract; Academic dissertation; bibliometrics; medical faculty; publication; Tunisia
Chen J.; Luo C.; Ju P.; Tu S.; Shi S.; Wang Z.; Wu H.	A bibliometric analysis and visualization of acupuncture and moxibustion therapy for herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia	2024	Skin Research and Technology	10.1111/srt.13815	Objective: To identify major contributors, current research status, and to forecast research trends and future development prospects on acupuncture and moxibustion therapy for herpes zoster (HZ) and postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). Methods: A systematic search was conducted on the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Weipu, WanFang databases, and the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC), PubMed, and Scopus databases. The search strategy included relevant terms for HZ, PHN, acupuncture, and moxibustion. The reference type was limited to articles or reviews, with a publication date from January 1, 2014 to December 31, 2023. Data analysis was performed using CiteSpace software, focusing on author, institution, source, and keyword distributions, and temporal trends. Results: A total of 1612 publications were identified from both Chinese and English databases. The analysis revealed a rising trend in publication numbers in the English database, with a significant increase observed in 2020. In the Chinese database, publication activity exhibited two peaks in 2019 and 2023. Guohua Lin and Jingchun Zeng were the most prolific authors in the Chinese and English databases, respectively. The Chengdu University of TCM and Zhejiang Chinese Medicine University were the most active institutions. The keyword analysis revealed “herpes zoster” as the most frequent keyword in the Chinese database, while “postherpetic neuralgia,” “acupuncture,” and “management” were prominent in the English database. The study also identified several therapeutic approaches, including fire needle therapy and electroacupuncture, which have shown efficacy in treating HZ and PHN. Animal studies provided insights into the mechanisms of these therapies, suggesting potential modulation of neuroinflammatory markers and intracellular signaling pathways. Conclusion: The bibliometric analysis underscores the growing interest in acupuncture and moxibustion therapy for HZ and PHN. It highlights the contributions of key authors and institutions while pinpointing potential areas for future research. The study advocates for the necessity of large-scale, multi-center clinical trials and further basic mechanical research to optimize these therapies. Moreover, it also emphasizes the importance of international collaboration to strengthen the evidence base and expand the global impact of this traditional treatment modality. © 2024 The Author(s). Skin Research and Technology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	acupuncture; bibliometric analysis; CiteSpace; data visualization; herpes zoster; moxibustion; postherpetic neuralgia
Zhang J.; Luo Z.; Zhang R.; Ding Z.; Fang Y.; Han C.; Wu W.; Cen G.; Qiu Z.; Huang C.	The transition of surgical simulation training and its learning curve: a bibliometric analysis from 2000 to 2023	2024	International journal of surgery (London, England)	10.1097/JS9.0000000000001579	BACKGROUND: Proficient surgical skills are essential for surgeons, making surgical training an important part of surgical education. The development of technology promotes the diversification of surgical training types. This study analyzes the changes in surgical training patterns from the perspective of bibliometrics, and applies the learning curves as a measure to demonstrate their teaching ability. METHOD: Related papers were searched in the Web of Science database using the following formula: TS=[(training OR simulation) AND (learning curve) AND (surgical)]. Two researchers browsed the papers to ensure that the topics of articles were focused on the impact of surgical simulation training on the learning curve. CiteSpace, VOSviewer, and R packages were applied to analyze the publication trends, countries, authors, keywords, and references of selected articles. RESULT: Ultimately, 2461 documents were screened and analyzed. The USA is the most productive and influential country in this field. Surgical endoscopy and other interventional techniques publish the most articles, while surgical endoscopy and other interventional techniques is the most cited journal. Aggarwal Rajesh is the most productive and influential author. Keyword and reference analyses reveal that laparoscopic surgery, robotic surgery, virtue reality, and artificial intelligence were the hotspots in the field. CONCLUSION: This study provided a global overview of the current state and future trend in the surgical education field. The study surmised the applicability of different surgical simulation types by comparing and analyzing the learning curves, which is helpful for the development of this field. Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.	N/A
Douaioui K.; Benmoussa O.	Insights into Industrial Efficiency: An Empirical Study of Blockchain Technology	2024	Big Data and Cognitive Computing	10.3390/bdcc8060062	Blockchain technology is expected to have a radical impact on most industries by boosting security, transparency, and efficiency. This work considers the potential benefits of blockchain-focused applications in industrial process monitoring. The research design facilitates a detailed bibliometric analysis and delivers insights into the intellectual structure of blockchain technology’s application in industry via scientometric approaches. The work also approaches numerous sources in various industrial sectors to identify the transformative role of blockchain in industrial processes. Aspects such as blockchain technology’s impact on industrial processes’ transparency are discussed, while the paper does not ignore that success stories in applying blockchain to industrial sectors are often exaggerated due to a highly competitive environment that the cryptocurrency domain has become. Finally, the work presents major research avenues and decision-making areas that should be tackled to maximize the disruptive potential of blockchain and create a secure, transparent, and inclusive future. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; blockchain technology; industrial efficiency; scalability; security; transparency
Yardibi F.; Kang K.-S.; Özbey A.A.; Bilir N.	Bibliometric Analysis of Trends and Future Directions of Research and Development of Seed Orchards	2024	Forests	10.3390/f15060953	Seed orchards are important seed resources for producing improved tree crops for future plantations, forest restoration, and forestry practices (i.e., gene conservation) and for transmitting current gene diversity to future generations. Seed orchards are a major sub-division in forest science. The establishment and management of a seed orchard involves many steps, from the selection of superior trees to the harvesting of a seed crop. Studying the trends and future directions of seed orchards using different analysis methods is critically important, especially to establish resistant forests via the production of climate-smart, biotic/abiotic-stress-resistant seedling materials. Published papers related to seed orchards should be analyzed to determine the current trends in this field and to contribute to its future directions. Bibliometric analysis has been used for different purposes in various scientific fields. However, it has not been performed for publications in seed orchards. This study was carried out to analyze the current trends of research on seed orchards and to determine the future directions of these orchards based on published papers. For these purposes, 1018 published papers were obtained from the Science Citation Index, Science Citation Index Expanded, and citation index databases of “Web of Science” using the keyword “seed orchard”. The papers were published between 1980 and 2022 and were subjected to bibliometric analysis based on the most prolific contributors, references, countries, and keywords. CiteSpace software 6.1 R6 was applied to visualize information about seed orchard research. The average number of citations per publication was 13.05, and the 4 H-Index of the publication set was 48. The most prolific contributors with the strongest citation bursts, the highest centrality, and the greatest numbers of published papers were from Canada, Sweden, South Korea, Finland, and Czech Republic, while Canada (186 published articles), the USA (140), and Sweden (115), together with China, Brazil, and Germany, were active countries, especially based on citations from recent years. The “keywords” of the papers were the core of the research. “Mating pattern”, “Swedish forestry”, “fertility variation”, “Hymenoscyphus fraxineus”, “threatened Pacific sandalwood”, “outbreeding depression”, “climate change”, “management”, and “growth”, together with others such as “genetic improvement” and “effective size”, were active study areas and keywords, based on results of the analysis. They also guided the literature search and inventory and classification of early studies and served as predictors for future studies. The results of this study are discussed based on the trends and future directions of the research and development of seed orchards. © 2024 by the authors.	forestry; genetic; management; seed; WoS
Abramo G.; D’Angelo C.A.	The scientific standing of nations and its relationship with economic competitiveness	2024	PLoS ONE	10.1371/journal.pone.0304299	In the current knowledge-based economy, the abilities of the national research system are a key driver of the country’s competitiveness and socio-economic development. This paper compares the scientific standing of the OECD countries and eight other relevant economies. We use a bibliometric indicator of research performance, applied first at the individual level. This approach avoids the distortions of the aggregate-level analyses extant in literature and practice, which overlook the different publication intensities across research fields. We find a strong correlation between research performance and the economic competitiveness of nations and a moderate but significant correlation between research performance and the propensity to spend on research. © 2024 Abramo, D’Angelo.	N/A
Chen J.; Chen Q.; Hu L.; Yang T.; Yi C.; Zhou Y.	Unveiling Trends and Hotspots in Air Pollution Control: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Atmosphere	10.3390/atmos15060630	With the continuous acceleration of urbanization, air pollution has become an increasingly serious threat to public health. Strengthening the detection and control of pollutants has become a focal point in current society. In light of the increasing amount of literature in the field of air pollution control with every passing year, numerous reviews have been compiled; however, only a limited number employ bibliometric methods to comprehensively review and summarize research trends in this field. Herein, this study utilizes two bibliometric analysis tools, namely, CiteSpace (6.1.R6) and VOSviewer (1.6.20), to conduct a visual and comprehensive analysis of air pollution literature spanning 2000 to 2023. By doing so, it establishes a knowledge framework for research on air pollution control. Simultaneously, collaborative network analysis, reference co-citation network analysis, keyword co-occurrence network analysis, and keyword prominence are employed to undertake an exhaustive and profound visual examination within this domain. Results indicate that, over time, the number of relevant papers has exponentially increased, while interdisciplinary cooperation trends have gradually formed. Additionally, this study describes key areas of current research, including air pollution control residue treatment, regional joint air pollution control, and air pollution control mechanism analysis. Finally, challenges faced by researchers in this field and their different perspectives are discussed. To better integrate research findings on air pollution control, we explore the correlations among data and systematically present their developmental trends. This confirms the interdisciplinary nature of air pollution control research, in the hope of its guiding air pollution control in the future. © 2024 by the authors.	air pollution control; bibliometrics; CiteSpace; VOSviewer
Lemos de Melo S.J.; Pinto V.P.; Sebastião E.; de Moraes Santos Corrêa É.; Christofoletti G.	Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on the Scientific Production of Physical Education Researchers: A Five-Year Follow-Up Study	2024	Behavioral Sciences	10.3390/bs14060475	The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant changes in society’s dynamics, particularly affecting the landscape of education. Research in several areas may have been affected during periods of social restrictions. This study analyzed the curricula of 558 researchers across 27 graduate programs in physical education in Brazil to investigate the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on scientific publications. Researchers’ production from 2018 to 2022 underwent a comprehensive analysis, considering the total number of publications, Qualis rank, and journal impact factor. Data were analyzed using chi-squared and Kruskal-Wallis tests. Significance was set at 5%. Overall, the analyzed researchers published a total of 17,932 manuscripts from 2018 to 2022. During the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a decline of 16.4% in the number of articles published (p = 0.001). This decline was similar between men and women (p = 0.603) and was associated with a worsening in Qualis rank (p = 0.001). The number of studies published in journals with impact factors was also affected (p = 0.001). The findings suggest a potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the scientific production of Brazilian researchers in the field of physical education. Funding agencies should consider the challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic before evaluating researchers and programs. © 2024 by the authors.	behavioral research; bibliometrics; COVID-19; physical education and training
Rodrigues D.; Pinho-Lopes M.; Macedo J.	Classification Systems Applied to Forest Road Planning: Research Gap Analysis	2024	Forests	10.3390/f15060968	Forest road planning incorporates crucial strategies essential for sustainable timber extraction, minimizing environmental impacts and ensuring safe access to forest regions. This paper presents a literature review conducted to examine publications related to forest roads to ultimately filter and evaluate the information on the incorporation of classification systems in the planning strategies for forest roads. Using the Scopus database to gather publications, various data points were mapped, such as temporal distribution of publications, citation metrics, keyword inputs and other bibliometric markers. Through the bibliometric visualization software VOSviewer 1.6.19, this study determined that over the years, the forest road research subject has gained increasing attention with different shifts in focus. However, upon investigating the application of systems of classification implemented on forest road networks, it became evident that this approach is not a recent innovation and there is scarce documentation and development regarding this planning strategy. The information collected also reveals that this type of classification can be found more in technical documents, like design manuals. This outcome suggests that the subject under study is not relevantly covered in forest-related journals, but rather by institutions aiming to identify region-specific needs and develop corresponding systems accordingly. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; classification systems; forest road network; road hierarchy; Scopus; VOSviewer
Negi S.; Singh P.; Trivedi V.L.; Rawat J.M.; Semwal P.	The current trends and research progress globally in the plant tissue culture: 90 years of investigation	2024	Plant Cell, Tissue and Organ Culture	10.1007/s11240-024-02788-4	Plant tissue culture (PTC) stands as a powerful and sustainable tool that can contribute significantly to addressing the challenges arising from the heavy extraction of plants, habitat destruction, excessive grazing, etc. It offers an alternative and sustainable approach to the traditional methods of plant propagation and conservation. Advancements in PTC have been rapidly evolving, emphasizing the critical need to assess the current state of research in this field. The present article aims to examine the current trends and research progress globally in the field of PTC according to the information found in the Scopus database from 1933 to 2023. This paper conducts a bibliometric analysis of existing literature on PTC to find the main topics, authors, most cited articles, and countries related to it. A global representation of the concepts was developed by an in-depth analysis of 2498 papers from the Scopus database, using a relational directory network visualization technique based on the VOSviewer software. The finding shows that year 2022 was the most productive year and India emerged as the most productive nation in terms of publications related to PTC. A steady rise of 5.44% was seen in the publishing number. Moreover, the United States has the most connections to other countries. An effort to comprehend the origins and progression of PTC throughout the previous ninety years has been made with this research. The outcome of the study will contribute to identifying future research areas of interest and highlight trending topics that will be useful for further investigation. © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature B.V. 2024.	Bibliometric analysis; Current trends; Plant tissue culture; Scopus; VOSviewer
Wan R.; Wan R.; Qiu Q.	Progress and Prospects of Research on the Impact of Forest Therapy on Mental Health: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Forests	10.3390/f15061013	This study aims to assess the global progress in research on the impact of forest therapy on mental health by using bibliometric analysis. We analyzed the relevant literature from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) database by utilizing software tools such as Bibliometrix (Version 4.1), VOSviewer (Version 1.6.19), and CiteSpace (Version 6.3.R1). There appears to be a growing trend in annual publication volumes from 2006 to 2023. Miyazaki was identified as the most prolific author in this field. Japan and South Korea lead in research contributions, while China has the highest number of publications. The International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health is the journal with the most publications and citations in this area. Recent keyword clustering reveals an increasing frequency of studies on anxiety and urban green spaces. Research findings suggest that exposure to negative air ions and compounds released by plants can stimulate the five human senses, reduce cortisol levels, and improve mental health. Although studies have demonstrated significant effects of forest therapy in alleviating stress, anxiety, and depression, more large-scale and long-term studies are needed for further evidence. Additionally, it is crucial to explore the impact of different forest types, terrains, altitudes, climates, and air conditions on the effectiveness of forest therapy on mental health. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; Bibliometrix; CiteSpace; forest therapy; mental health; VOSviewer
Kamihara T.; Tanaka K.; Omura T.; Kaneko S.; Hirashiki A.; Kokubo M.; Shimizu A.	Exploratory bibliometric analysis and text mining to reveal research trends in cardiac aging	2024	Aging Medicine	10.1002/agm2.12329	Objectives: We conducted a text mining analysis of 40 years of literature on cardiac aging from PubMed to investigate the current understanding on cardiac aging and its mechanisms. This study aimed to embody what most researchers consider cardiac aging to be. Methods: We used multiple text mining and machine learning tools to extract important information from a large amount of text. Results: Analysis revealed that the terms most frequently associated with cardiac aging include “diastolic,” “hypertrophy,” “fibrosis,” “apoptosis,” “mitochondrial,” “oxidative,” and “autophagy.” These terms suggest that cardiac aging is characterized by mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and impairment of autophagy, especially mitophagy. We also revealed an increase in the frequency of occurrence of “autophagy” in recent years, suggesting that research on autophagy has made a breakthrough in the field of cardiac aging. Additionally, the frequency of occurrence of “mitophagy” has increased significantly since 2019, suggesting that mitophagy is an important factor in cardiac aging. Conclusions: Cardiac aging is a complex process that involves mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and impairment of autophagy, especially mitophagy. Further research is warranted to elucidate the mechanisms of cardiac aging and develop strategies to mitigate its detrimental effects. © 2024 The Author(s). Aging Medicine published by Beijing Hospital and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.	autophagy; cardiac aging; mitophagy
Machado M.V.D.S.; Ávila I.; de Carvalho J.A., Jr.	Bibliometric Analysis of Renewable Natural Gas (Biomethane) and Overview of Application in Brazil	2024	Energies 	10.3390/en17122920	In view of the increasing demand for clean energy and the growing awareness of environmental sustainability, a bibliometric study examines the various facets of renewable natural gas (biomethane). Sustainable fuels are gaining importance as an alternative to fossil fuels because they are renewable and can reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, an overview of the use of biomethane was compiled for Brazil. The country was chosen because it is the authors’ home country. These emerging energy sources have the potential to play a critical role in the transition to a cleaner, more sustainable and cost-effective energy landscape, thereby reducing environmental impact and strengthening the resilience of our energy future. © 2024 by the authors.	biomethane; renewable energy sources; renewable natural gas
Meara P.	Thirty Years on: A Bibliometric Analysis of L2 Vocabulary Research Published in 2020	2024	Languages	10.3390/languages9060190	This paper presents an author co-citation analysis of the research on L2 vocabulary acquisition that was published in the 2020 calendar year. The most significant influence at this time is Paul Nation—cited in 85% of the publication set—but a number of other important influences can also be identified, notably, Laufer, Hulstijn, Schmitt and Webb. This paper draws some comparisons with data from 1990, and speculates on how “research fronts” might be identified in an author co-citation data set. © 2024 by the author.	2020; author co-citation; bibliometrics; L2 vocabulary research
Cebrino J.; Portero de la Cruz S.	A Worldwide Bibliometric Analysis of Published Literature Assessing Fear of COVID-19	2024	Clinics and Practice	10.3390/clinpract14030054	Many people experience intense fear of COVID-19. The purpose of this study was to provide a comprehensive visual overview of the published literature from 2020 to 2022 assessing fear of COVID-19. From 2020 to 2022, we employed the Scopus database to conduct a bibliometric analysis. We used the VOSviewer program to perform the author co-citation analysis, Mapchart to produce a worldwide map, and Wordart to make a word cloud image. From the 1769 records examined, 1654 (93.50%) were articles, with English being the most common language (96.31%). From 2020 to 2022, annual citations experienced significant growth (R2 = 99.91%; p = 0.0195). The Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM, France) and China led in terms of publication output (n = 36; n = 255). M. D. Griffiths authored the highest number of articles (n = 21). The most active journal was the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health (n = 146), and the most prevalent keyword was “human/s” (11.51%). This bibliometric analysis evaluates the quality of the research on fear of the pandemic and the crisis management of COVID-19, which can provide managers and researchers with crucial insights for future decision making. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric; COVID-19; fear; mental health; publications
Gao Y.; Chen Z.; Chen J.; Yang L.; Li J.; He Q.; Qiu Q.; Su Y.	A Bibliometric Analysis of the Mechanisms Underlying Drought-Induced Tree Mortality	2024	Forests	10.3390/f15061037	Drought intensity and frequency have increased in recent years, which poses significant threats to forest ecosystems, especially in the context of global climate change. This paper is aimed at summarizing the current state of research and global development trends regarding drought-induced tree mortality mechanisms in tree physiology. Developing a robust literature foundation will facilitate in-depth research and foster the exchange of knowledge related to this subject. A literature review was conducted using tools such as VOSviewer, CiteSpace, and the Bibliometrix R-package to review the literature from the Web of Science’s core database from 1985 to 2023. We intend to determine the current state and evolution of global research on drought-induced tree mortality mechanisms. The results reveal that research on drought-induced tree mortality mechanisms gained momentum predominantly in the last two decades, with a marked surge post-2012. The United States is the epicenter of research, leading the global scientific community with its preeminence in publication volume, citation rates, and the scope of collaborative networks, with China in close pursuit. Tree Physiology stands out as the leading journal in this domain, boasting 129 articles. McDowell NG emerges as the most prolific author, with an H-index of 41, underscoring his influence in the field. There is a clear upward trend in collaborations spanning authors, journals, research institutions, and countries. The analysis of frequently cited keywords and topic evolution suggests that drought and tree mortality will likely remain key research areas for the foreseeable future. The future of research on drought-induced tree mortality mechanisms in physiology is promising, as it emphasizes multidisciplinary approaches and global collaborations. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics analysis; Bibliometrix; CiteSpace; mortality mechanism; tree; VOSviewer
Senthilvadevel N.; Ky J.; Ng M.; Zhao T.; Aria M.; D'Aniello L.; Lim M.A.W.; Canfora F.; Fortuna G.; McCullough M.; Yap T.; Paolini R.; Celentano A.	Evaluating global research trends in special needs dentistry: A systematic bibliometrix analysis	2024	Clinical and Experimental Dental Research	10.1002/cre2.896	Objectives: Special needs dentistry (SND) is a vast and fragmented field of study. This comprehensive bibliometric analysis aimed to evaluate the scope of SND, including the existing knowledge base, distribution structure, quantitative relationships, and research trends. Material and Methods: A systematic search was conducted on March 10, 2022, using the Web of Science Core Collection database, covering the period from 1985 to 2021, focusing on studies reporting on special needs populations in a dentally relevant context. Records were title-screened and analyzed for key bibliometric indicators. Results: Among 48,374 articles, 13,869 underwent bibliometric analysis. Peak SND research occurred during 1985–1997. United States led in productivity, trailed by Brazil and Japan. University of Sao Paulo excelled in Brazil, University of Washington and University of North Carolina in the United States. The Journal of Dental Research was the most productive source of research and also had the highest number of citations, followed by Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology. Keyword analysis revealed that “elderly”, “caries”, and “epidemiology” were the most commonly used author keywords. Conclusions: This study represents the first bibliometric analysis of SND literature. It emphasizes the need for increased collaboration between institutions and authors. Furthermore, it suggests focusing on research input from non-dental disciplines and populations with rarer intellectual or developmental conditions. © 2024 The Authors. Clinical and Experimental Dental Research published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	bibliometric; special needs dentistry; systematic
Yessengaliyev D.A.; Zhumagaliyev Y.U.; Tazhibayev A.A.; Bekbossynov Z.A.; Sarkulova Z.S.; Issengaliyeva G.A.; Zhubandykova Z.U.; Semenikhin V.V.; Yeskalina K.T.; Ansapov A.E.	Energy Efficiency Trends in Petroleum Extraction: A Bibliometric Study	2024	Energies 	10.3390/en17122869	This comprehensive bibliometric analysis investigates energy-saving strategies in petroleum extraction, shedding light on key research areas, trends, and collaborations. The analysis covers 98 research articles spanning from 2003 to 2024, sourced from the Web of Science (WOS) database and analyzed using the Bibliometrics R package v.4.1.3, including descriptive statistics, network analysis, and factorial analysis. Findings reveal significant contributions from China, Canada, Russia, and the USA, with notable collaborations and thematic clusters identified. Top journals, prolific authors, and leading institutions are highlighted, showcasing global efforts in advancing sustainability in the oil industry. Institutions like the University of Calgary and authors such as Gates ID, Ren SR, and Zhang L play significant roles in advancing knowledge in this domain. Keyword analysis underscores prevalent themes such as optimization, simulation, and energy efficiency. Technological innovations, process optimization, and organizational strategies emerge as crucial avenues for reducing electrical energy consumption in oil extraction operations. However, limitations include database constraints and language bias. Overall, this study offers valuable insights for researchers, policymakers, and industry stakeholders, informing future research directions and policy initiatives for enhancing energy efficiency and sustainability in petroleum extraction. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric analysis; energy efficiency; oil extraction; sustainability
Liu R.; Gao D.; Yang N.; Qiao Y.; Zhang Z.; Zuo M.	Global research and scientific publications on PND between 1969 and 2022: A bibliometric analysis	2024	Aging Medicine	10.1002/agm2.12310	Objectives: We hope to offer a comprehensive understanding of the advancements and patterns in research on PND. Methods: We performed a thorough search on the Web of Science Core Collection to locate relevant studies published from 1969 to 2022 and utilized four distinct tools, namely VOSviewer (J Data Inf Sci, 2017, 2, 1; J Am Soc Inf Sci, 1973, 24, 265; Amer Doc, 1963, 14, 10 and Scientometrics, 2010, 82, 581), CiteSpace (Scientometrics, 2010, 84, 523), Scimago Graphica, and R-bibliometrix which allowed us to examine various aspects. Results: We included a total of 6787 articles and reviews for analysis which described PND research, the sources, and the subfields; highlighted the significant developments in this field; identified three main directions in PND.Conclusion: This study highlights the rapid growth of research on PND in recent years and provided an overview of previous studies in the field of PND, thereby establishing the overall landscape of PND research and identifying potential avenues for future investigations. Methods: We performed a thorough search on the Web of Science Core Collection to locate relevant studies published from 1969 to 2022. To perform bibliometric analysis and network visualization, we utilized four distinct tools, namely VOSviewer (J Data Inf Sci, 2017, 2, 1; J Am Soc Inf Sci, 1973, 24, 265; Amer Doc, 1963, 14, 10 and Scientometrics, 2010, 82, 581), CiteSpace (Scientometrics, 2010, 84, 523), Scimago Graphica, and R-bibliometrix. These tools allowed us to examine various aspects, including the yearly publication output, the contribution of different countries or regions, the involvement of active journals, co-citation analysis, publication status, keywords, and terms, as well as scientific categories. We hope to offer a comprehensive understanding of the advancements and patterns in research on PND. The insights gained from this study can assist researchers and clinicians in enhancing the management and implementation of their work in this field. Results: In this study, we included a total of 6787 articles and reviews for analysis. First, publication trends and contribution by country analysis described PND research. Second, a historical analysis described PND research, the sources, and the subfields. Third, an analysis of keywords highlighted the significant developments in this field. Fourth, an analysis of research themes identified three main directions in PND. Conclusion: In summary, the research volume exhibits exponential growth over time. Furthermore, the majority of contributions originate from Western countries and China. The interdisciplinary nature of the field is evident, with its roots in biology and medicine and further branching into psychology and social sciences. POCD, delirium-predominant associated clinical management were major research themes about PND. © 2024 The Authors. Aging Medicine published by Beijing Hospital and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.	bibliometrics; CiteSpace; perioperative neurocognitive disorders; scientometrics; VOSviewer
Supriyadi T.; Abdul Hakam K.; Nurdin E.S.; Kosasih A.; Supriadi U.; Julia J.	A Decade of Literature Roadmap on Religious Tolerance Education: A Bibliometric Study Using the Scopus Database	2024	International Journal of Learning, Teaching and Educational Research	10.26803/ijlter.23.6.7	In multi-religious countries, integrating tolerance education into the curriculum, particularly religious tolerance, is essential to fostering a mindset of tolerance and encouraging harmony amidst diversity. To achieve this, it is necessary to review research development on religious tolerance education conducted by academics from various countries. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the research development on religious tolerance education in Scopus-indexed journals over the last decade through a bibliometric study. This study carried out in four stages, including searching for articles in the Scopus database, filtering, validating metadata, and analyzing bibliometrics with the help of VOSviewer. The results of this bibliometric study present seven main findings, as follows: The publication trend on tolerance topics increased from 2013 to 2022; Indonesia emerged as the leading contributor to publications on religious tolerance; The United Kingdom had the highest number of cited publications in the citation analysis; authors commonly used six terms related to religious tolerance in titles; author collaboration was prominent among only three authors, keyword analysis identified 16 dominant terms, and abstract analysis mapped 5,219 terms into five clusters. To conclude, there is still an opportunity to develop research related to religious tolerance education in the context of multiculturalism, character education, and learning methods or models, in primary, secondary, and tertiary education, in addition to cross- disciplinary and cross-country author collaboration. This study contributes to providing a comprehensive overview of research in the field of education related to the topic of religious tolerance in Scopus-indexed journals in the last decade. © 2024 Society for Research and Knowledge Management. All rights reserved.	bibliometrics study; religious study; religious tolerance; scopus; tolerance education
Wen L.; Ye Z.; Jiang L.; Hu L.; Kong W.; Wang L.; Shen X.; Liu J.; Qin L.; Cui Q.	Knowledge mapping analysis of celastrol based on CiteSpace; [基于 CiteSpace 的雷公藤红素知识图谱分析]	2024	Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs	10.7501/j.issn.0253-2670.2024.11.021	Objective To analyze and visualize the research status and hotspots related to celastrol in recent, and provide constructive reference for future research and theoretical development in this field. Methods Searching the literature related to celastrol published on China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and Web of Science (WOS) from January 1, 2000 to June 30, 2023, and CiteSpace 6.1.R4 software was applied to visualise and analyse the authors, institutional collaborative networks, keyword co-occurrences, clustering, bursting, timeline, and highly cited literature. Results The results of the literature search related to celastrol included 674 and 1147 Chinese and English literature, respectively, and the number of publications generally showed a stepped-up trend. The Chinese core authors are Zhang Zhenhai, Chen Yan, and Qu Ding, and the foreign core authors are Gao Wei, Su Ping, and Huang Luqi. Cooperation between domestic and foreign institutions was more frequent. Researches on celastrol at home and abroad mainly focus on pharmacological effects, drug delivery systems and biosynthesis. Conclusion In the past 20 years, the research heat on celastrol has been increasing, antitumour, anti-inflammatory, anti-obesity and other pharmacological effects have become the mainstream research hotspots of celastrol, and the drug delivery system and biosynthesis will be the new research direction of celastrol in the future. © 2024 Editorial Office of Chinese Traditional and Herbal Drugs. All rights reserved.	anti-inflammatory; anti-obesity; antitumor; bibliometrics; biosynthesis; celastrol; CiteSpace; data mining; drug delivery system
Liu Y.	Bibliometric Analysis of Weather Radar Research from 1945 to 2024: Formations, Developments, and Trends	2024	Sensors	10.3390/s24113531	In the development of meteorological detection technology and services, weather radar undoubtedly plays a pivotal role, especially in the monitoring and early warning of severe convective weather events, where it serves an irreplaceable function. This research delves into the landscape of weather radar research from 1945 to 2024, employing scientometric methods to investigate 13,981 publications from the Web of Science (WoS) core collection database. This study aims to unravel, for the first time, the foundational structures shaping the knowledge domain of weather radar over an 80-year period, exploring general features, collaboration, co-citation, and keyword co-occurrence. Key findings reveal a significant surge in both publications and citations post-1990, peaking in 2022 with 1083 publications and 13832 citations, signaling sustained growth and interest in the field after a period of stagnation. The United States, China, and European countries emerge as key drivers of weather radar research, with robust international collaboration playing a pivotal role in the field’s rapid evolution. Analysis uncovers 30 distinct co-citation clusters, showcasing the progression of weather radar knowledge structures. Notably, deep learning emerges as a dynamic cluster, garnering attention and yielding substantial outcomes in contemporary research efforts. Over eight decades, the focus of weather radar investigations has transitioned from hardware and software enhancements to Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology integration and multifunctional applications across diverse scenarios. This study identifies four key areas for future research: leveraging AI technology, advancing all-weather observation techniques, enhancing system refinement, and fostering networked collaborative observation technologies. This research endeavors to support academics by offering an in-depth comprehension of the progression of weather radar research. The findings can be a valuable resource for scholars in efficiently locating pertinent publications and journals. Furthermore, policymakers can rely on the insights gleaned from this study as a well-organized reference point. © 2024 by the author.	future trend; knowledge framework; scientometric mapping; weather radar
de Oliveira F.M.; Ferraz G.A.E.S.; André A.L.G.; Santana L.S.; Norton T.; Ferraz P.F.P.	Digital and Precision Technologies in Dairy Cattle Farming: A Bibliometric Analysis	2024	Animals	10.3390/ani14121832	The advancement of technology has significantly transformed the livestock landscape, particularly in the management of dairy cattle, through the incorporation of digital and precision approaches. This study presents a bibliometric analysis focused on these technologies involving dairy farming to explore and map the extent of research in the scientific literature. Through this review, it was possible to investigate academic production related to digital and precision livestock farming and identify emerging patterns, main research themes, and author collaborations. To carry out this investigation in the literature, the entire timeline was considered, finding works from 2008 to November 2023 in the scientific databases Scopus and Web of Science. Next, the Bibliometrix (version 4.1.3) package in R (version 4.3.1) and its Biblioshiny software extension (version 4.1.3) were used as a graphical interface, in addition to the VOSviewer (version 1.6.19) software, focusing on filtering and creating graphs and thematic maps to analyze the temporal evolution of 198 works identified and classified for this research. The results indicate that the main journals of interest for publications with identified affiliations are “Computers and Electronics in Agriculture” and “Journal of Dairy Science”. It has been observed that the authors focus on emerging technologies such as machine learning, deep learning, and computer vision for behavioral monitoring, dairy cattle identification, and management of thermal stress in these animals. These technologies are crucial for making decisions that enhance health and efficiency in milk production, contributing to more sustainable practices. This work highlights the evolution of precision livestock farming and introduces the concept of digital livestock farming, demonstrating how the adoption of advanced digital tools can transform dairy herd management. Digital livestock farming not only boosts productivity but also redefines cattle management through technological innovations, emphasizing the significant impact of these trends on the sustainability and efficiency of dairy production. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometric review; dairy cows; precision livestock farming; technologies
Pestana M.H.; Gageiro M.; Santos J.A.C.; Santos M.C.	Network Structure of Online Customer Reviews and Online Hotel Reviews: A Systematic Literature Review	2024	Information (Switzerland)	10.3390/info15060334	This study conducts a bibliometric analysis of online customer and hotel review research, aiming to provide insights into where each field comes from, stands now and ought to go in the future. In particular, this study examines how the existing research on online customer reviews can benefit future hotel review research. Data collected from Web-of-Science and Scopus created an expanded network of 797 core articles and 19,374 citations to identify intellectual structures, developing trends, and future research gaps. This study offers a visual overview of journals, institutions, countries, research themes and authors to assess the overall directions hotels can take. It underscores the necessity for rigorous and relevant research amid the proliferation of online reviews and emphasises the imperative for academia to bridge the gap between theoretical insights and practical applications within the dynamic tourism industry. This study provides researchers and industry professionals with useful tools to understand and deal with the complexities of online reviews. It also highlights the important role these reviews play in shaping the future of tourism strategies. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; co-authorship network; co-occurrence network; intellectual structure; online customer review; online hotel review; research directions in online reviews; research gaps in online reviews
Du Z.; Ruan Y.; Chen J.; Fang J.; Xiao S.; Shi Y.; Zheng W.	Global Trends and Hotspots in Research on the Health Risks of Organophosphate Flame Retardants: A Bibliometric and Visual Analysis	2024	Toxics	10.3390/toxics12060391	Background: Organophosphate flame retardants (OPFRs) are compounds with a wide range of industrial and commercial applications and are mainly used as flame retardants and plasticizers. The global consumption of OPFRs has risen rapidly in recent decades, and they have been widely detected in environmental media. Unfortunately, OPFRs have been associated with many adverse health outcomes. The issue of the health risks of OPFRs is attracting increasing attention. Therefore, there is a need to review the current state of research and trends in this field to help researchers and policymakers quickly understand the field, identify new research directions, and allocate appropriate resources for further development of the OPFR health risk research field. Methods: This study statistically analyzed 1162 relevant publications included in the Web of Science Core Collection from 2003–2023. The internal and external features of the literature, such as publication trends, countries, authors, journals, and keywords, were quantitatively analyzed and visually presented to identify the research hotspots, compositions, and paradigms of the field and to horizontally and vertically analyze the development trends and structural evolution of the field. Results: The development of the field can be divided into three stages, and the field entered a period of rapid development in 2016. China (649 papers) is the most prolific country, followed by the United States (188 papers). The authors STAPLETON HM and WANG Y have the highest combined impact. International collaboration between countries and researchers still needs to be strengthened. Science of The Total Environment is the most frequently published journal (162 papers), and Environmental Science and Technology is the most frequently cited journal (5285 citations). Endocrine disruption, developmental toxicity, and neurotoxicity are the health effects of greatest interest. Conclusions: Future research is expected to be multidisciplinary, and research hotspots may involve a comprehensive assessment of OPFR exposure in the population, exploration of the mechanisms of endocrine-disrupting effects and in vivo metabolic processes, and examination of the health effects of OPFR metabolites. © 2024 by the authors.	bibliometrics; future trends; health risks; organophosphate flame retardants; research hotspots
